# 03.麦迪森BOSS【萌萌团队-皮卡内部提供】：奖金：职业加速器（高清）

Hey， what up？ Matt is from Real Social Dynamics，And I just came from doing some dope shit。

And that's why I have a robe on，Cause when you wear a robe，You do dope shit，You just came from it。

Robes are only meant for dope and shit，So I hope that in your future。

You are doing the dopest of the dopest of shit，Okay，Yeah， just having some fun。

At a great hotel out of Montreal，Here doing boot camps and enjoying a spa。

With a lady friend for the weekend，Now， what I want to talk about today。

Is the first video of the career series，This has been really really anticipated and excited。

But people are excited about it，Now， people I think people are excited about it。

Because I promised to give the information，The exact details of how I increased my income by 300%。

Okay， in three years，So I literally went 100% more，100% more， 100% more in three years back to back。

Now， this is something that I really learned the hard way，Right。

 I really really learned this the hard way，And I studied this。

And I went through a lot of challenges and tribulations，I had to，You know。

 I found myself in a situation，Where I was making bare minimum，Actually， I was doing okay，Like。

 you know， just enough to get to buy，Had a corporate job，But I just really wasn't happy in it。

And I thought that I didn't have enough money，That I needed to get，Or that matched my potential。

So I need to increase my income，And I thought that if I increase my income。

I could have a better life，I can do more things，I can share it with family and friends。

And stuff like that，So I really had this idea of what I wanted。

So the first thing I want to say is that，You know， I grew up with a very very poor，Poor， I guess。

 idea of what money is，What money is used for，My blueprint， my money blueprint。

As they call it in the millionaire mind seminars，My money blueprint was very very low。

And I had to kind of train my brain to，Want to get money，So at first I didn't even want to get it。

 right，My household， it was perceived that money is the，Rudable evil，So because of that。

I thought that money wasn't a good thing，And I didn't want it。

So I had to kind of develop an appreciation for money，And that appreciation was money can help you。

It can help you with your friends， your family，To spend more quality time with them。

It can help you to appreciate them，It can help you to be with them， be in places。

Money can help you to have security in your friends，In your relationships， in your living situations。

So you're not paycheck to paycheck，Or afraid of being homeless，Or afraid of not being able to eat。

I had all kinds of crazy situations，Back in the day man，I had like bailiffs that I was avoiding。

I had you know people that I owed money to，I had companies that credit cards，That I couldn't pay。

That were going to collections，I had all kinds of stuff，At one point I even dated the girl。

Just because she was like financially rich，She said she was a millionaire。

And you know I never wanted to see myself，In those situations again，I even let go of a girl。

Who was an amazing girl that I wanted to date，But I let go of her，Because this other girl had money。

 right，And that's shitty man，I don't want to ever do that again in my life，So I decided that。

You know I had to make a change in some way，And so I proceed，I pursued this money thing。

And this career thing，Now in terms of the career part，I just thought that my career at the moment。

You might be in this situation，You might feel that your career at the moment，Isn't what you hoped。

Okay you might feel that you have huge potential，But for some reason，No matter how early you come in。

No matter how late you stay，And do extra projects，No matter how much you work the weekends。

Or coming on holidays，Or you really just push harder，Than any other employee that you work with。

Your boss just doesn't give you that fucking promotion，You know they always tell you。

Wait till the employee review，Wait till next year，It's always this next next next project。

No matter how hard you go at it，You feel like you just don't fucking get that promotion， right。

Or you might be thinking that，You're an independent person，And you have your maybe an entrepreneur。

You have a little business，And you're thinking how can I grow it，How can I grow my own brand。

How can I network better，And things like that，So this is gonna be really fucking intense。

This is gonna be one of the most intense，Parts of Boss，And I'm gonna go straight into detail。

Now I hesitated doing this for a while，Because I didn't want to just give you guys，Some good ideas。

Like here's some fluff ideas，Figure it out，I want to give you the step by step。

By step process of what I did，And how I did it，So what I encourage you to do is，Not skip ahead。

 alright，I'm gonna release one of these videos a week。

That way gives you time to implement the information，That's the idea of Boss too， right。

And Boss I want to not to say，Here's a whole bunch of like information，Like a phone book。

Just go through and just at your will，Just mess around，Go from top to middle。

Back to top or bottom to middle，Like I don't want you to jump around。

I really want you to go through the process，So you absorb all the information，And you learn from it。

And you can apply it，It's not a course that you just think about，Excuse me。

It's not a course that you just think about，It's a course that you actually apply。

So no matter what your ideas about your career，The first thing you want to consider。

Are what are your strengths，You might think you know what your strengths are。

But you need to really find out，What those strengths are and dive deep into it。

Now there's two schools of thought，One school of thought says that you should。

Really become a niche in an area，So if you do marketing，You want to maybe do internet marketing。

If you do internet marketing，You maybe want to do AdWords，And if you do AdWords。

Maybe want to do like certain things， right，That's an example，Now you can also say。

Maybe if you want to do finance，What kind of finance do you want to do。

What kind of economics do you want to do，Maybe you want to do investing。

Maybe you want to do pay stocks， right，You want to，The one school of thought says。

You should really narrow down，To what your area is，And become an expert at it。

Now there's another school of thought，That says you should understand。

Many different areas and learn everything，Learn accounting， learn finance，Learn marketing。

 learn customer service，Learn sales especially，Sales is huge for anything you do。

Because sales is kind of the lifeblood of any company，And any business。

And if you have sales experience，You will do amazing， right，Even with RSE instructors。

We train with some of the best sales people in the world，That train millionaires。

And guys that have double digit，Multi-million dollar companies，We train with them in order to learn。

How to be better at presenting ourselves，And relating to other people，So sales is a huge part。

But so those are the two schools of thought， right，Number one is hey。

Find a niche and really drill deep on that niche，Number two is learn a little bit of everything，Okay。

 I agree with both of them，No matter what avenue you choose，You still have to learn your strengths。

So this is the process you can go through，To learn your strengths。

The first thing I recommend is the Birkman test， okay，This is a test that tells you that。

Your occupational talents that you have，You do a test，I think it's a little bit of time。

You sit down in a private room，You do the test，And then you have a specialist， okay。

This is somebody who's trained on administering the test，And also explaining the test to you。

They sit down with you for about an hour，They break down all of your skills，All of your strengths。

Your weaknesses，Your opportunities，Your threats，And it's worth investing in。

Because you're going to have a benchmark，For your talents and your ambitions，And your passions， okay。

It's I think about a hundred to two hundred dollars，I think for the test。

Not sure the exact price depends on，Where you are in the world，But it's absolutely worth it。

Think about it，How much would it cost in time saving，To know what your strengths are。

How much would it save you financially，To know what your strengths are。

And just shortcut everything that you're doing，The next thing I recommend you do。

I've said this a bunch of times，Is get a book called Strength Finder 2。0，Okay， that's the new one。

So Strength Finder， it sounds silly，I had this book for a while。

And I didn't read it to one of my workplaces，Forced me to read this book，Strength Finder 2。

0 is a book that allows you to，Essentially just look at all of your character strengths。

So I think there's 30 character strengths，You can have，And it tells you your top five。

After you do this online test，You get one code to do the test，You can use it once。

You get one code and then that's it，So you do the Strength Finder test online。

And allows you to figure out，What your top strengths are，And then it tells you how to go without。

Expanding those strengths，Those areas that you're really really good at，Okay。

 so that's the second thing，I want you to do，By the way， you want to sign up，For all these this week。

 okay，The test for Strength Finder book is like $14，You can even go online to the website。

I think for like $9，You don't have to buy the book，So it's really dirt cheap， okay。

Last but not least，There's a thing by Tai Lopez，I think he calls it the Eulerian Destiny。

I don't remember all the components，But there's a few good components here，That you want to apply。

So there's four I think in the Eulerian Destiny，And there's three of them。

That I want you to really think about， okay，What are you passionate about， right。

List a few things that you're passionate about，Maybe three or four or five things。

That you're passionate about，The other one would be，What do your friends compliment you on。

What do your friends say is good about you，So your friends might say，I'm really you're really。

You know， you're really good at networking，You're really good at talking to people。

You're really good at making plans for us，You're really good at cooking cupcakes，Whatever it is。

 right，Your friends might say，That you're good at，So that's that part。

The number three is going to be，What is it about strangers，And what do strangers say about you。

All right，That's incredibly huge，That's probably the biggest one out of all three。

What do strangers say about you，Because strangers don't give a fuck man，They don't give a fuck。

They're going to just tell you straight up，What they think about you，What they like about you。

What they don't like about you，They don't give a fuck，So they have the less investment in your。

In lying to you，Whereas if you do music， right，Your friends are like，Yeah， it's really great。

Keep it up，Keep going，Awesome，We love you，You're going to go platinum。

Or whatever your friends will tell you that，Your mom will tell you that。

Your friends will tell you that，Your brother will tell you that maybe， right。

But people who don't know you，Just don't care，So if somebody meets you，And they don't know you。

What do they say about you in general，What do they compliment you on，You want to find out about that。

And make those your qualities，That you invest in，So for myself，You know it's different for everybody。

For myself when I did all this，I found out that I was good at concepts，I was good at networking。

Which I already knew from back in the music days，I was good at ideas and concepts，I also ideation。

Or idealation，I don't know how to say it，But that's like，You know you have an idea about the world。

 right，Making humanity a better place，You have ideas about human behavior，And things like that。

And you want to implement those，And spread those like good love，So I was good at those things。

Also business and strategy kind of stuff，So you know when the，When the RSD opportunity came up。

It made perfect sense，Because that's what it is，Networking， talking to people，Having ideas， concepts。

Explaining them， strategizing them，All that kind of stuff， right。

So it made sense in my skill set to do it，But I didn't know that I should do it。

Until I looked at my skill set， right，So you want to kind of。

You know Tai Lopez calls this doubling down，Doubling down on what you're good at。

Finding something you're talented at，And double down on those strengths，Rather than trying to。

Do something that you're not fucking good at，Or you're okay at。

Because a lot of people are okay at stuff，We all know an okay painter，We all know an okay cook。

There's too many okay people，To really stand out，So what you want to do is get your advantage。

And double down on what you're good at，And capitalize on that，And make that what you fucking go for。

Now in this part，I want to talk about the idea of brand。you，Brand。you， okay。

This is the idea that you are a brand，No matter what you think you are a brand。

You are a brand where you work，You're a brand if you're an entrepreneur。

You're a brand if you're not employed，You're still a brand，Everything about you is a brand。

You are not a person，You are hired，If you have a job you're hired by a company，To fulfill a purpose。

That is it，You do not matter at all as a person，Your job is to fulfill a purpose。

If you cannot fulfill the purpose，You will be fired，If you fulfill the purpose。

But you still create problems and headaches for others，While you're fulfilling that purpose。

You will be fired，If you have the purpose of the job，Or if you fulfill the purpose of the role。

But while you're fulfilling it，You create not even problems。

But you just draw too much attention to yourself，In a negative way，You will be fired。

The whole idea of having a job，Is only to understand that，It's to bring in profit for the company。

And to make your boss look good， right，Some of the basic 48 laws of power。

And some other books that are about that，I'll get into as well，But the idea is that you are a brand。

You're not just there，You're a brand，It's like what do people think about，When they think about you。

What do they see when they think about you，So in this part，I want to go into。

Exactly what it is to have your brand，Which is what I explained，And then how to build and control。

That brand that you have，One of the things you can do，Or you should do right now。

If the video is done，Maybe open up a new window，Is control your brand on Google。

And there's a lot of books that are written about this，I think it's like new generation brand，。

me or something like that，So I'm kind of taking some ideas，That I have had in my experiences。

And sharing those with you，Now you want to Google search your name。

Put your name into different variations in Google，First name， last name，Maybe last name， first name。

First name， initial， last name，Your phone number，Your email address。

And just see what comes up on Google，Because if you're going for a job。

If your people are looking at you，If girls are looking for you，If you're going to be managed。

By human resource company，Everybody's going to look at your name on Google，Super key。

 super super clutch，You want to see what's coming up，You also want to click on。

There's going to be a little tab on Google，I might put a thing here，A little link for it。

Or a picture，There's going to be a little tab，That also says images，And you want to click and see。

What are the images that come up for your name，And where do they lead，What websites do they lead to。

Because the average person doesn't just do a search。

They do a search for kind of like one or two levels deep，To kind of see what comes up for you。

So this is very important to do，To get an idea of what is your brand online。

What's happening and how do people view you，The next thing that you can do，To control your brand。

And help to grow your brand，Your presence，Same way a company has a brand of presence。

Is that you can take work for free，Interning and taking work for free。

Is one of the best things that you can do，To build your skill set，So I'll give you an example，Myself。

 I used to work in marketing，In business and e-commerce，And back in the day，I didn't really know。

This is back before like after eBay，But before like the whole Shopify stuff started。

And I would go and I'd take e-commerce work for free，Just so I can put the word e-commerce。

On my resume back in the day， right，So I would go and do that。

And that eventually helped to build this，Credibility for e-commerce understanding。

So I did a lot of e-commerce work for free，Even when I was an entrepreneur，I would build。

I would do client work for friends of mine，Or friends of friends of mine for free，Just for a review。

Just something I can add on LinkedIn，Just for all this kind of stuff，So what you want to do。

Is start taking that work for free，The advantage of it is two things。

One of the things is you're going to be able，To get a huge skill set。

You're going to learn so much about things，You're going to learn about your area。

You're going to learn how to solve people's skills，That's the first part，You learn that。

And the second part is you get to add it to your resume，Add it to your work experience。

Add it to your reviews， etc。，So there's no downside to taking free work。

You just want to make sure that it's not like，Work that completely exhausts you。

So you have no energy for other things，That are important，But I definitely recommend。

That you take some sort of work，Maybe like one to two clients a month，For some extra work。

Of what you want to do to build your brand，And really take the advantage。

Of offering yourself and your services，Freely to those people，In exchange for the review。

Make it very very clear at front，This is what you're doing，What you're trying to build。

And if they're happy and satisfied with your service，All you ask for is a review。

Or a recommendation of your work，All these reviews and stuff，Really add up to one central point。

LinkedIn，LinkedIn， LinkedIn， LinkedIn，LinkedIn is like。

It's the basically it's like the new Facebook man，LinkedIn is the new Facebook。

I signed up for LinkedIn maybe，I don't know five， six years ago。

And I saw how they gradually built out this website，The same way they build up features on Facebook。

So Facebook has like video calling，Has phone calling，Has like group chats now，It has private rooms。

It has like all you know timeline，Has profile picture videos。

All these fucking cool features that it builds out。

And they have all these cool features also in LinkedIn，Or not the exact same ones。

But different ones that they've now added，So LinkedIn has been，It's highly underrated man。

If you're not maximizing your LinkedIn，Like you're fucking stupid，Just like straight up。

Like it's the first place people go，I'll tell you why，LinkedIn is new Facebook。

Because LinkedIn allows you to post articles，Right，You can post，You can join groups。

So people have common interests，So for example，If you're into fashion，Fashion is your thing，You know。

 you're a designer of some kind，You can join a fashion group for your city，Or for your country。

Where there's thousands of other people that are there。

And you can post articles that you've written about the subject，Which helps you to find jobs。

Helps you to find work，You know， you can go to hiring groups。

You can go into people that are looking for work，All kinds of cool shit that's out there man。

All kinds of cool shit，With this LinkedIn you can do，So you can post that，Also on LinkedIn you can。

What else can you do，You can go to your page，Your LinkedIn page。

And you can list reviews of work that you've done，Samples of work that you've done。

And people can look at this，I'll put some examples here，And people can look at that，And they can say。

Oh， here's some example，What I can expect for the work of this person，So it just builds this online。

Like social proof man，It's a crazy amount of social proof，Where you don't have to really say shit。

Like you can just have a proper email，But you stand out above everybody else。

Because of the quality of what you established，That's gonna take some time，It's gonna take you know。

Three months， six months to do this，But this is an investment，That forever changes your career。

Changes your life，So it's worth it， right，I recommend you get the advanced LinkedIn。

So you can buy like a premium LinkedIn，That allows you to even search for contacts。

Or certain types of titles in areas，So if you want to network with people that have。

If you want to network with people，That have like I guess，Expertise in a certain area。

Or people that could be considered potential clients，You can look at them based on industry。

And section of the world that they live in，And contact them and send them emails，Which is amazing。

Dope part about it is if you send an email，I don't know if they still do this，But back in the day。

If you sent an email，And you paid for the opportunity，To send somebody email。

And they don't answer it，In like seven to ten days。

Linked in will refund you the money for that email，Or the credit for that email，Anyways。

 there's a whole bunch of crazy features man，On LinkedIn，This is like the bread and butter。

Of what's going to help you excel your career，So definitely recommend you get into that shit。

If you want to check it out，I think there's a great guy，Who specializes in it。

I think his name is Rick I the LinkedIn guy，You can do a Google search for him。

I think it's like R I C K，Letter I then the LinkedIn guy，He comes up，He's like a LinkedIn expert。

He has training materials on it，He has you know advice on how to，How to optimize your LinkedIn。

What people look at first，At the top of the LinkedIn profile，How people view it。

What headhunters are doing，Ecetera， et cetera，So I really definitely recommend that you do that。

Next thing I want you to do is build up your YouTube，That's right。

You're going to get in front of a camera，And you're going to build a YouTube。

Now I did this back in the day，With my career I built up a YouTube，I didn't even do a lot really。

I did like six or seven videos，Five minute videos about a subject，And I just posted them online。

Very very very simple，Now the reason you want to do this，Is it adds to your brand。

Adds your credibility，Adds to your public speaking skills， right，If you can speak to people。

That means you can be a leader，Let me put this together for you here，If you can speak to a camera。

It means you have speaking skills，It means you can be a leader。

Leadership positions or leadership for management，Is often considered a huge skill。

That gets you a higher pay grade，You can do the same job。

But if you do the same job in a kind of a leader role。

You automatically make like 15 or 20 percent more，That what you're making，So if you made 50K。

You would make like 60K，Right， just from having that leadership part。

So it's incredibly what you can do for your skills，And for your career。

So what I want you to do is just start a LinkedIn，Sorry， start a YouTube on a channel。

On a subject that's very very，Interesting to you，Something that you can rattle off on。

And give practical advice that your，Potential employers or clients could be looking for。

So basically what you want to do is solve their problem。

Solve five or six of their problems in a video，That's it，Think about what they're going through。

What they're experiencing，And solve their problem，And create a YouTube video about it。

Now making a video is very easy，You don't need a lot， okay，You can actually take an iPhone like this。

This is the iPhone 6，All right， you can take an iPhone，Even an iPhone 4 or 5。

I did mine with the iPad back in the day，And then what you do。

Is the little jack here for the microphone，This little jack here。

You can buy a microphone for $9 on eBay，It's a 3。5 millimeter audio microphone with a wire。

Kind of looks like this，But it's just a wire，This is like a huge $700 one。

But this is a little one for $9，In China or something like that，And then you get a stand for it。

A little clip stand，Kind of looks like a selfie stick stand，And you get a little tripod。

You set it up， that's it，You can go to a nice location in the city，You know， go to a business area。

Film a video，You can do it from one from your house，You can do one from an office。

You can do one from，Somewhere that's just nice scenery，A little 5 minute video，You make some takes。

And if you want to edit the video，There's even a program here called splice，That you can go into。

Or any of these online programs，There's a program here called splice，That you can go into。

Download the app，And allows you to edit the video on your phone，Or iMovie or any of this shit， right。

Just upload to YouTube，That's it， boom， done，Get a little intro maybe，Go to fiverr。

Have somebody make a little intro，For YouTube videos，Cost $5 to do it，And you're set， that's it。

So literally the investment of，I don't know，One hour of your time recording these videos。

And $5 to get the intro，Microphone is $10，That's $15， maybe your tripod is $15，$40。

So you can probably increase your income，By $5，000 instantly，By spending $40 an hour of time。

Like think about that， right，Like how ridiculous is that，Just by having the extra presence。

And you don't have to be amazing，At speaking， you just have to be decent，Okay， improve your skills。

Work on those skills，I also recommend you take a Toastmasters class。

Toastmasters is a public speaking，Public speaking sort of like，Order or chapter in your area。

It's a class， a group working seminar，And they teach you how to speak。

And often you actually go to Toastmasters，For free，The first three Toastmasters are free。

And they'll help you with your ums，And your likes and your pauses。

And your metaphors and your stories，And engaging the audience，And all kinds of stuff like that。

 alright，So do that，And you're gonna see an immediate return，Absolutely。

It's something that I really took pride in，I did it for myself。

I'll bring you a little sample of a video here，That I put，And so you guys can see it。

And I did it for myself，And I saw immediate returns，I remember making it probably an additional，$10。

000 in a few months，Just from doing this。