# 03.麦迪森BOSS【萌萌团队-皮卡内部提供】：奖金：BOSS独家网络研讨会#2（高清）

When the man will come to run，The hairs on your arm will stand up。

At the terror in each sip and in each sun，Will you partake of that last offered cup。

Or disappear into the potter's ground，When the man will come to run，Hear the trumpets。

 hear the vibers，One hundred million angels singing，Multitudes are marching to the big kettle of rum。

The voices calling voices crying，Hey， summer born every summer dying。

It's alpha and omega's king will come，The world is in the thorn tree。

The virgins are all trimming their wits，The world is in the thorn tree。

It's hard for thee to kick against the priests，Till armageddon， no shalom， no shalom。

Then the father hen will call his chickens to dance，The wise men will bow down before the start。

And at his feet they'll catch the golden crown，When the man comes around，Whoever is unjust。

 let him be unjust too，Whoever is righteous， let him be righteous too，Whoever is filthy。

 let him be filthy still，Listen to the words long written down there，Indeed。

 when the man comes around，Somebody's saying come to Paris。 Actually。

 I think I'm going to come visit Paris for fun later on in the year。。

I have a tour where I'm going to do， I think I do London in the fall。，Then after London in the fall。

 I'll try to do Paris。 That's my plan。，Check that out。 It's really， really close。，Somebody said， hey。

 great talk。 I appreciate that。 Thank you， thank you， guys。，Welcome to the Boss VIP webinar。。

Today I want to talk to you guys about a few things。。

I'm going to do some questions and answers at the last half of it。。

We're going to go through around 5。30 or so， a little bit past that。，Do some questions and answers。。

I also want to quickly just talk about how to get the most out of Boss。，Some of you guys are asking。

 am I coming back to Zurich？，Yes， I'm coming back to Zurich in about eight months。

 nine months back in Zurich。，Do a hot seat， free tour， boot camp， everything like that。，Here we go。。

First thing I want to talk about is I want to say， hopefully you guys are enjoying yourselves，。

you're not on holiday， but you're on your weekend and getting out there and stuff like that。。

Every once in a while I run into you guys out。，I run into you guys when I'm out。

 whatever city around the world it is， whatever country。。

I'm in a club or I'm at a coffee shop or the mall。，When I'm there， I see guys doing games。。

They come up to me like， yo， Madison。，Some guys are like， yo， I really， really like your stuff。。

Some guys are like， hey， I got Boss。，There's actually some boot camp students lately that had Boss。

 right？，They come up to me and they're like， yo， I have Boss。，I have Boss。It's so great。I enjoy it。

I'm like， awesome。，Then I give him a high five or whatever， a little pound， bam。。

He walks off and he kind of does his own thing。，I see him later on in the night。。

He just ends up making these completely rookie mistakes。。

He's not even applying what's in the program。，The way that I did the program is。

 the way that I outlined the format of Boss，is I did it in such a way where it's absolutely flawless。

，The program itself is flawless。，There's nothing missing in there。。

It's absolutely detailed from the top all the way down to the bottom。。

It has every single thing that you need to be successful。

at Code of Code Trick Up and just meeting women and attracting women。，Everything is in there。。

If you follow it accordingly， all of your questions will be answered。。

The way I did the program too was like， I did it in a way where。

you might have some sticking points today。，This is you here today。。

You might have some sticking points today。，But if you follow the process of the program in three to four months。

，those sticking points don't even exist anymore。，Because your mindsets and your head spaces are changed。

in the first few months so that later on if you follow the process of the program。

 you stick to the structure，，those sticking points don't exist anymore。。

What do I mean by the process of Boss？，The program starts off。

 hero's journey talks about what your mission is。，It talks about finding out your standards。

 your values， your beliefs。，Then it talks about opening。，Opening and hooking a set。

 hooking a conversation。，Then it goes on to transitioning into a regular conversation。。

Then it goes on to what？，It goes on to sexuality。，It goes on to having a long and deep conversation。。

It goes on to displaying those standards and batteries。，It goes on to physical game。。

Then it goes on to logistics and pulling。，The whole format is there。，The whole process is there。。

So you're like， man， I suck at one thing or the other or this or that。。

It's because you're literally just not sticking to the process。。

Just follow the process as Jeff would say。，Stick to the program， execute the program。。

Stick to the program， follow the process of it。，Now， on one hand， some guys might have Boss and say。

 how do I get the most out of it？，What I'm using， how do I learn from it？，Well。

 my recommendation is this。，This is the absolute epic fucking important recommendation is this。，Dude。

 pick a video。，Pick one video。，Whatever chapter you have trouble with。。

Let's say you have trouble with opening， for example。。

So it's like four videos in opening there or whatever the number is。，Pick one of those videos。。

One of those videos in opening and practice that for a week。，Practice what it talks about。。

Literally go out to the club and on Tuesday or whatever days you go out with， Thursday， Friday。

 Saturday， practice that one thing in the video all that week。，Then the next week， number two。

 week number two， you pick the next video， you watch it and you go and you practice that thing every single week。

，The videos are so on point and so articulate that even in field eclipse at the end of the videos。。

So you can compare what you're doing to what I'm doing in the video。，You can literally copy。。

For training， we'll just start。，You can literally copy what I'm doing in the video just to start。。

It's outlines， completely outlined in there。，Copy it， do it， play around with it。。

Try that for a week。，Move on to the next video， number three in the opening。，Do that for a week， etc。

， etc。， etc。，Make a reminder in your phone that goes off at three o'clock in the morning or two o'clock in the morning or one o'clock in the morning。

，I don't know when clubs close in your city， but make a reminder an hour before the clubs close that this is the skill that you're working on for that night。

，So pops up， remember you're working on statements， you're working on storytelling。

 you're working on observational things。，Whatever it is that you're working on。

 make a little reminder in your phone that pops up at one o'clock in the morning so you do that thing。

，There's absolutely no reason why if you have this program you can't get good at this stuff。。

The program is flawless。，The program is a fucking investment。，Honestly。

 it's an investment for the rest of your life。，It's like a game investment that will pay you back in one year。

 two years， three years。，It's so complete you could always come back to it year after year。。

It's the best manifesto on pickup that I've ever seen in my entire life that exists。。

That is in there for you guys。，Make a plan for yourself。。

Make a plan for yourself how you will succeed， how you will correct sticking points and how you will correct blind spots。

，That is an amazing thing to have and it's incredible。。

I kind of took a little too much on the horn here， but I put every fucking note I've ever had。。

Let me tell you how I made this。，Every single note I've ever had just backups on hard drives like this。

，Backups on hard drives， hard drives， hard drives， backups on my cell phone and other phones that I had from four years ago that I don't use anymore。

，I went through every single fucking note， every single text message。

 every single email that I emailed myself。，I strategically condensed into concepts and I explained that everything is in there。

，There's nothing you're missing。，It's literally the last thing that you need to pick up in game。。

There's nothing else that you need after that。，I， even myself。

 I've been teaching a lot of boot camps。，But specifically on boot camp。

 I'll talk to a girl for maybe five， ten minutes and then I'll leave。。

I'll leave to go back to the students。，I won't leave with the girl。

 but I'll leave to go back to the students because the reason for that is because I'm on a program。。

I don't want to stay with the girl all night。，It's not good for the students。。

They pay to be there and I want to teach them。，So even for myself。

 I now have to go back to boss and say， oh yeah， what do I do in the middle？。

What do I do in the middle part or like towards the end part？，Oh yeah， that's how I do it。。

I get back to those things because even I sometimes run out of the habits of doing the correct behaviors at a certain time。

，That's really all it is， the format， the process， the structure。

 and the correct behaviors at the right time。，And yeah， I fucking love it， man。。

I'm going to go back and review it a lot myself。，I made a commitment to myself lately to start even watching all the RSD programs that are out there。

，So I'm going to try to watch Social Circle Blueprint。，I'm on video two。。

I'm going to try to watch everything that comes out because I mean。

 you have all this amazing shit that's coming out。，It's incredible。。

Nobody in Pickup has done this ever in the history of Pickup。，Nobody in Dating Advice has done this。。

You know， we're really transitioning to a fucking new era when it comes to this stuff。，A whole new。

 how do I say， not a zone， but like a new dimension， a new age of this stuff。。

So I'm really excited to see where it goes。，All right， let's do some questions。。

That's what I wanted to say to you guys。，I want to talk to you guys about the art of learning。。

Do you guys have any questions about that？，The art of learning， Pickup， the art of learning game。

 how do you learn it？，Also， I'll continue to add some more stuff to there。。

When you're learning something， it's very important to you， any kind of new skill。。

It's very important to do a few things。，One of the things is look at yourself honestly in the mirror。

，Look at the feedback that you're getting from other people。。

So that means that every time you take a new behavior， a new action。

 you're not really completely sure if you're doing it right。。

The way to figure out if you're doing it correctly or incorrectly， that new behavior， what's opening。

 hooking， whatever it is， statements of intent， statements of kingdom，。

 is to look at how people are reacting。，When you take that feedback honestly and you integrate that feedback。

 it improves or increases how fast you learn。，You'll learn faster。，The way you can learn faster。

 not have to take four years to do this， two years to do this。，I know guys who've been six months。。

The way you learn faster is to take the feedback and implement it right away。。

The social feedback people give you based on how they react， the way you would imagine they would，。

 or they react counter to it。，Do they also say to you， what the fuck are you doing？，Are you on drugs？

，Are you high？，Are you drunk？，They're saying things like that。，Take that feedback back。。

Take that feedback and analyze that feedback。，See what it means， what you could be doing correctly。

 what you could be doing incorrectly。，What do you need to change？。

What do you need to adjust and then move forward with it。，Strategyize。，Take the information。。

Don't be butthurt about it when you get the information。。

We have a tendency to get feedback that's negative from people that are kind of upset and hurt or take it personal。

，Even though they're making feedback about your behavior。

 it's not personal because they're learning a new skill。，You're trying something new。。

When you try something new， it's not really about you。。

It's about the behaviors that you're doing at that moment。。

These people don't know really who you are。，They don't know who you are as a person。

 what you stand for， what your goals are in life， what your ambitions are。。

They're just taking split second decisions on what they see in front of them。。

Sometimes they can judge it wrong。，Take the feedback， adjust， implement the feedback。

 and then just be relaxed about it。，Also implement that feedback。，Don't take it personal。，Keep a fun。

 optimistic outlook while you're learning。，In order to learn， in order to get better。

 you have to stay positive while you're learning。，When a guy comes on a group camp。

 there's two types of students。，Two types of students。。

The first type of student comes on a group camp and he sucks。，He sucks or he's bad or whatever。。

That's fine。Then there's another student who comes on a group camp and he sucks and he's bad as well。

，But this guy is positive。，I tell him to go do something。，He's like， all right， man， yeah。

 I will try that。，He just rips off and he tries it。，I tell him， hey， don't do it like this。。

Try to do it like that。，He's like， all right， man。，Got it。，He's positive。Organs will talk to a girl。。

The girl rejects him。，Rejects him hard。，That girl， he comes back and he's like， man。

 that was so cool。，I never did that before。，He's happy about it。，I never did that before。，Like that。。

That student always gets better faster。，He always learns faster。，I can always coach him。。

He's coachable。，He's a high coachability because he's taking the feedback。。

He's learning and he's maintaining a positive mindset。，He's optimistic。，He's happy。，He's positive。。

He's lighthearted。，He's still having fun。，He's just happy to be out there。。

So while you're learning this stuff， it's important to also have a positive outlook。

 a positive mindset about life and about the process of learning。。

It's a gift to even be able to learn。，It's a gift to be able to learn。，It's an opportunity。。

It's something that everybody gets to enjoy or have。，Now you guys have this opportunity。。

I didn't have this 10 years ago， man。，There was no digital products。，It was like what？。

It was a blueprint 10 years ago？，I have no idea。，I don't remember。。

We didn't have hot seats and digital products that we could rewatch。，They had Infield。，Oh my gosh。。

I would have killed。，I would have killed。，I remember there was this Alex Infield and this Brad Infield back in the day。

，Man， I used to watch those over and over again。，I probably would put that 30-second Infield clip and watch it on loop for 20 minutes or something like that。

，It's crazy。，You guys did so much。，So stay positive。，Keep positive mindset。。

It's not actually being delusional。，At one point， on one part。

 you're looking at the feedback you're getting。，You're not being delusional。，Oh， nothing's wrong。。

Everything's great。I'm happy。，You're not being a stupid person。，You're still being normal。。

You're still having common sense and looking at the information you're getting。

 the feedback you're getting from people。，But you choose to process it in a way that helps you rather than a way that doesn't help you。

，There's a question here。，Prioritize mission hot seat。，For a week。

 boss has them and there's so much content。，How do you prioritize missions？。

I would say you can do missions from top to bottom。，First， second， third， fourth， that order。

 that sequence。，But if the missions are not really resonating with you。

 try to do missions that are in the areas that you struggle with the most。。

That would be my recommendation。，Farewell areas that you have challenges in， that you struggle with。。

Then try to do missions for those particular areas you struggle with the most。。

Because if you do that， you're going to see your weakest points get better。。

There's two theories in game。，One theory is you double down on your strengths。

 which is whatever you're good at， you just continue to do that。，You just hammer away at that。。

For example， me， I've been told by the ladies that I have an okay voice。。

My voice is pretty nice and interesting， so I happen to call people on the phone a lot。。

I'm also told that I can think fast in a conversation， so I'll tend to call a lot。，Now。

 if you are really， really good at being physical， but you're a really amazing dancer。

 you might tend to lean more towards dancing when you're in a club or in a field or whatever。。

Whatever your strengths are， you tend to lean towards that。，By the end of the day。

 if we all suck at logistics and pulling， then we're just all going to suck at that。。

We're not going to get very much further。，We can dance and the girl still leaves。。

I can have an amazing voice and then the girl still leaves。，At the end of the day。

 it really comes down to your weakest point is what you need to fix。。

Your weakest point is what you need to focus on。，As you focus on that weakest point。

 then you'll have improvement。，All right， let's do some questions and answers。。

I'll do some general questions and answers for you guys。，Anything you want to talk about。

 anything you want to ask me， boss-related or not boss-related， we can talk about that。。

I'm open to all questions。，Go into the chat area。，I think it's on the right-hand side of your screen。

，Go into the little chat area。，Next to rooms， click on the chat button。。

Then there's a little text box。，Enter your text。，Make sure it says to everybody and then enter it and I can read it。

，All right， so let me know what you guys think。，Somebody said voice questions。。

If voice questions are all right， I'm not sure how to do that。。

I'm not sure how to do a voice question。，I would be open to it， but not sure how to take those。。

Reese asked a question。，He says there's a lot of things in boss that seem paradoxical。，In one sense。

 he's supposed to be able to read what's on a girl's face and approach at the same time。。

Keep it simple and don't overthink it too much。，How can you make sense of two things that are paradoxical？

，My answer to that is you just have to learn to deal with it。，You kind of accept it， right？。

So there's a lot of things in life that are paradoxical。，The universe functions on paradoxical ideas。

，For example， there is hot and there is cold。，There is up and there is down。。

There is darkness at night and then there is light during the day。。

There is a tropics along the equator and then there is north and south pole， which are much colder。。

So the whole universe functions on paradoxical things， including women。

 which happen to be in the universe。，So one paradox， a woman is going to say to you。

 one line of thought， the one is going to say to you，，I like a guy who treats me right。。

You've all heard it before。，I like a guy who treats me nice。，But if you go up to her and you're like。

 hey， I'd like to take you out for dinner。，I think you're something about you just captured my imagination。

，I think you're really interesting。，Just feeling what we think we get along。。

She's most likely to say no。，She's most likely to say no。，I don't know if you ever tried that before。

 but I tried that for about 20 something years。，She's most likely to say no。。

So that is the paradox of life。，That is the paradox of life。。

Now what happens is we are in a sweet spot。，We're in a good place with a good zone of communication when we're in that middle。

，The idea is not to be too far to one extreme or too far to the other extreme。。

They call it pendulum swinging。，Not to be too far to any extreme。

 but to be right in the middle with your understanding of games。。

So too far to the extreme would be like， I'm just in state。，I'm in state。，I'm in the club。

I feel good。，You're dapping all over the place。，You're just in the zone。，You're pumped up。

You're the fucking man。，You're in the now。You're in the presence。，And then lights come on。3 o'clock。。

You're in the club alone。All the girls are gone。，You're like， I forgot to do logistics。。

Logistics are strategical。，The other part of it could be you're so much in your mind。。

You're so much in your head that you're not having fun at all。。

And you're just walking around like executing a strategic game to unlock the vagina。，Right？，Oh， game。

Oh， game。，What's the technique？，What's the technique？，And you try to think your way into a state。。

The best way to get out of your head is actually just take action。，The more actually you take。

 the more world's your mind。，The more actually you take。

 you're creating situations instead of being in a situation in your mind。。

It's like when you have a phone call to an uncle and you think about it for two weeks。。

One day you finally pick the call。，The phone you call him。It's like 10 seconds。It's so easy。。

You're like， oh， why did I do that？，Oh， idiot。So yeah。。

You don't want to get too stuck in your mind either。，So those guys overdo the thinking。。

Those guys overdo the self-amusement out of their head state。，You know， feel good stuff。

It's in the middle。，So game is all about paradoxes。。

It's all about things being completely in the middle。，And the more you're okay with that chaos。

 the better you will be。，That's a huge thing， by the way。。

I was actually going to make a video about this。，You have to be okay with chaos。。

The guy that accepts reality the fastest is the guy that gets good at game。。

I'm going to say that again。，Read my lips。，The guy that gets good at pick up the fastest is the guy who accepts reality。

，Not how he wishes women should be。，Not how he wishes the world should work or how the world should treat him。

，The guy that gets good accepts how the world is。，For all of its beauty and all of its ugliness， man。

，For women and all their caring， kind， heartedness。，Ability to be there for you emotionally。。

Ability to make you feel good when you're down。，And also all of the other stuff that comes along with it。

，It's not so great sometimes with them。，If you see it how it is， that is how you get good at game。。

That's how you get good at fast。，That means being able to accept paradoxes。，Don't try to fight them。。

Don't try to look for a black and white answer with people。，Because people are not black and white。。

Well， you know what I'm saying？，People are not black and white when it comes to their morality or their。

 mouth， mouth， our mouth， individuality or what they become more， and you knowな creat히。。

 We have new people。， The church has new people in America and Spain。。

We've seen a lot of different type of people。， I don't know what age group that people are。，овать。

 great。，他們的心理和行為，他們只是。。。，我們像是。。。，發展。。。，我不是說發展，我們像是。。。，聚光的動物，和道德，有時候會失敗，會縮短，會讓你失望，因為我們甚至沒有自己的期望，你知道嗎？。

所以你必須接受人們，只是因為他們，這就是你能夠玩的方式，不要嘗試去對抗，接受瀕臨的瀕臨，要是你接受瀕臨的瀕臨，知道嗎？，我們來看看，我們來看看，我們來看看，我們來看看，所以。。。，Barzan問。

接受瀕臨的瀕臨，接受瀕臨的瀕臨的方法，接受瀕臨的方法，在BOSS上，有幾個影片，說話時間，在5-10分鐘後，就有兩三個小節，所以你已經有答案了，已經在了，回頭看看BOSS的小節，就像我說的。

去做那些小節，每個影片，每個星期的練習，我們來看看，22歲的學生問，你需要什麼，在世界上，經營獨立的資金，這是一個很好的問題，我以前沒有經營，我以前經營獨立的資金，我以前經營獨立的資金。

我以前經營獨立的資金，但是我已經有幾個房客，例如，我以前的助手，我以前的教練助手，現在20K一月，他現在在世界上，他現在在世界上，他現在在世界上，這個人，這個人，非常非常聰明的，他從小就在餐廳裡。

他就在餐廳裡，他就在餐廳裡，他就在餐廳裡，在賣T恤和帽子，他就在賣T恤和帽子，他就在賣T恤和帽子，他就在賣T恤和帽子，他就在賣T恤和帽子，他就在賣T恤和帽子，他就在賣Facebook，他現在到世界上。

他現在到世界上，進行金融的承諾，所以我猜這四個月，他開始在第一月，看到他第一次銷售的結果，一些人在做這件事，一個我的其他助手，開始做Forex，Forex是一個銷售服務，他賺很多錢，這幫助他從世界上。

到世界上去，做銷售服務，一些人在街上工作，我知道有一個人，想去旅行，他就去農場，然後拿著藍莓，當他在農場，他做了這個，來幫助他生活和旅遊，還有一個很奇怪的，YouTube女孩，我看到她很熱情。

她是一個YouTube女孩，旅遊，生活在她的房間，她叫Ali，生活在房間，很多方法去研究人們在做什麼，我不說你應該住在房間，我不是說這樣，我只是說，看看人們在做什麼，看看一些想法。

你可以拿去做自己的想法，讓它們更好，給你，在你自己的情況下，好，我們來看看其他問題，有什麼其他問題，讓我知道，我們有10分鐘的時間，在這個 webinar，我們可以問你最煩人的問題，最令人煩惱的問題。

最讓你煩惱的問題，你根本無法解決，這是你的機會，現在，一對一，我和ManoMano進入這個環節，選擇我的腦袋，看看我們能不能解決，我們來看看一些好的問題，嗯，有些人問，會不會有意義去拿筆記，絕對會。

絕對會拿筆記，拿筆記來做BOSS，我每次都拿筆記，讓我給你們看，你問我可以拿筆記嗎，我每次都拿筆記，我每次都拿筆記，當時我和Owen一起做教練，我沒有坐著，去記憶，我拿筆記，拿筆記，用筆記寫在筆記上。

讓它貼在你的腦袋上，或者，不僅是那些，你用你的手機寫著，你做什麼都不可以，我每次都拿筆記，我決定要做BOSS，這是BOSS的方式，但我用手機寫著，你也不會看到，我寫了筆記，寫了筆記，寫了筆記，寫了筆記。

拿筆記，練習，走出去，再做一次，在入場方面，入場是為了去買一些能夠做的東西，讓你能夠去做的事情，《GJeremy》說，最近我開始做很多BOSS，你找到最大的目標是什麼？，讓你更有吸引力的女生？。

這真是一個很重點的問題，讓我看看，讓我看看，我想，我當時想要吸引女生的時候，有幾件事發生，第一件事發生的時候，我會去女生的家，然後我會去女生的家，然後我會去女生的家，然後我會去女生的家。

第二件事發生的時候，我會去女生的家，我的主要目標是，吸引女生，這是我正在做的相反的目標，我的主要目標是，我會去女生的家，然後我會去女生的家，我的主要目標是，吸引女生，我的主要目標是，吸引女生。

她是很酷的，她是很酷的，她是一個很吸引的女生，但我恨她的氣氛，因為她不是對我的女生，所以你會去女生的家，你不會在她的樣子上評論她，你會去女生的家，你會評論她，她的行為和她的樣子，她會怎樣。

你會去女生的家，你會去女生的家，你會去女生的家，你會去女生的家，你會去女生的家，你會去女生的家，你會去女生的家，你會去女生的家，你會去女生的家，你會去女生的家，女的的家，你會去女生的家，女人。

會去互相之家，你會去因為自己是女人，女人，你會去為自己的女人，女人，女人，女人，女人，女人，女人，女人，她雖然主要就替女人，女人，女人，女人，女人，女人，女人，女人，女人，女人，女人，女人，女人。

我才知道她是一個很吸引人的女生，所以我發現她在這個社群裡，會在各種各樣的方向上走，所以我會要求她多次接觸她，讓她展示自己的性格，讓她展示自己的性格，讓她有機會遇到我，或者是我認為自己是。

在我身上的表現上，然後讓她願意留在我身上，讓她願意留在我身上，讓她願意留在我身上，如果她是一個很吸引的人，我可以跟她交換電話號碼，但如果是機會去吃飯，或是跟她交換電話號碼，我會跟她交換電話號碼。

因為她會有很多，社交責任的機會，去遇到我，所以這就是，最大的一件事，我認為這兩件事，會有助於我的，我兩週前在，Miami的Bootcamp上，他想找女生去學習，但他只想用女生，就像說，我已經很熱了。

我已經喜歡你了，我已經喜歡你了，他沒有想過，我們給他一個任務，只想找不吸引的女生，在Bootcamp上，然後他就把第二天的東西，放在第二天的地方，這很酷，你覺得你能夠成功嗎？，對，巴拉薩德說。

能夠自然地把女生升級，你能做什麼，你不必升級女生，你尋找的結果是什麼，你試著證明她強壯嗎，你試著證明她，你能夠升級女生，你能夠過關嗎，你尋找的結果是什麼，你試著證明她是強壯的，你能做什麼，我告訴你的。

她是強壯的，你能夠自然地表達，她是強壯的，這就是問題的答案，David問，你會不會去Bootcamp，這就要視乎你玩的情況，視乎你用手機，如果你能夠看資訊，或是練習，Bootcamp就不需要了。

Bootcamp是給初學者，想要有好基礎，想要看到，讓人們可以練習，讓他們有好處，讓他們有好處，在人生中，還有更進一步的，想要把遊戲帶到最高，想要有個人意識，只有一個教練能夠給。

這就是Bootcamp的目標，還有人們會有困難，他們會有很難改變的習慣，或是很難改變的新習慣，這就是Bootcamp的目標，我們來看看，Jeeva Asked，你會有女朋友在遊戲中，答案是。

youtube。com，Horace D。 Madison，女朋友遊戲，這有影片，已經有了，我們來看看，我們來看看，還有什麼，還有什麼，好，那些是，最大的想要做的，還有什麼，這些是小問題。

你自己可以想想，答案會在時間內被揭露，不要浪費小事，不要浪費小事，專注在大型的，大型的路線，大型的標籤，專注在，大型的路線，大型的標籤，開口、鎖定、轉換、性情，聲音、國際，這些，專注在這些，這些小問題。

會在時間內解決，或者，如果專注在大型的，小問題，現在，我現在在看一些問題，如果你們想要，說一些比你們年紀大的人，這不是問題，如果你們想要什麼，什麼標準，什麼你喜歡、喜歡什麼，這不是問題，這些小問題。

你們要專注在，大型的，大型的目標，好，就這樣，我想感謝你們，想感謝你們，如果有機會，我建議你們去看，我新的熱身影片，今天是兩小時，我做的熱身運動都很長，我在做2017世界巡迴，我會去39個城市，全世界。

我會去做加拿大世界巡迴，我會去做，美國巡迴，我會去做，我會去做，我會列出城市，好，我會去做 Edmonton，或者是 micsamberta，我會去做 Calgary，到北京、貴州，到台灣、澳洲。

到阿爾诚，到期 korea，到新reu， Mutter，我還會去做，獨 inhabited，我會去哦，珕貝荷，我會在澳洲，我會在倫敦，我會在索爾克斯，我會在很多其他地方，這會是一個很瘋狂的年代。

所以我會在個人面前見你們，那會很酷，我會在個人面前見你們，我也很想知道你們為什麼會被打，我會跟你們做一些訊息，我會問你們為什麼你們會去做Boo Camp，為什麼會去做MadisonBoo Camp。

為什麼會去買Madison的Boss，為什麼你們會想要從來沒有學習，我會在教練面前向人們介紹我的教訓，所以我會在問你們為什麼會去做Boss，所以請留言，或在Boss群組或Telegram留言。

我會很常去看，我會在群組中加入很多人，我還沒做過這件事，在過去三個月裡，我還沒加入很多人，但我會在這次來年加入一些還沒加入的人，所以你們會看到他們的群組變化，謝謝大家，謝謝你們，愛你們，我會說什麼？

保持聯繫，不要變成別人，乾杯。