# 03.麦迪森BOSS【萌萌团队-皮卡内部提供】：奖金：BOSS独家网络研讨会#3（高清）

Cat ran out on your forehand，It's not cause you're a rabid，Why you keep saying that。

You caught up in a tight situation，I should start erasing your whole organization。

But I'm making wack tunes，While my only tune rock the bass shit，You couldn't come close to my debut。

I'm moving agents or producer，Boy you two boys 12 shot loaded loot。

Even just try to get you souped up，You're still wack，I'll build tax on the regular。

Destroy your seas etc，You like the predator，Fuck you your label moms and your editor。

Give you two to the juggler，I'll be spreading all on my shirt，The key of the first shit。

Bitches hit me off for the new edition，Wig wig wig wig wig wig wig wig wig。

I make the big pot skip a beat，From the stupas eat，So I allow，What the fuck y'all done。

Get on the mic and break em up，Shut shut，We move shining real crowd。

Purchasing the handhelds with the show shot，It got me spittin' these slugs。

At my competition and rap sessions，UAP got no weapon，You let professors next to time。

Prevent all discretion and body，The explicit street linguistic，Better than your mama's business。

We bombshell it，I might know but ain't tell it，Too bad you missed it，Hajar dangerously blaze。

Another enemy made another dupe，Color say please so I don't fade。

Scorn your mental with my double edged blade，Raisers sharp hit your bandage。

Holax like Eastside get the bozak，Show them wack niggas where the doughs at。

On their kicks like a coatjack，Get in the grits on that flow bitch，Flip strips take all shit。

Pray to ruckus，One I come with you meditated red rump，Ginger by the seat and filthy ass gums。

Bottom line even get down and get done，Mother fucker，Yeah，Yeah，Rapper fella，We invite you to。

Something epic，Where we hustle out of a sense of hopelessness，Sort of a desperation。

We got desperation，We come addicted，Sort of like the fiends we accustomed to serving。

Where we fear we have nothing loose，So we off with you，Well，We off with our lives。

What do you bring to the table，While I'm watching that nigga，Watching me close lit。

My shit is butter for the bread，They gonna toast me，I keep my head open on where they supposed to be。

Hold and get your side track，And clap from close me，I don't sleep I'm tired，I feel wired like Kobe。

We'll start in a few minutes guys，We'll start in a few minutes，Just waiting for a few dejoys。

And then we'll start it，We're selling chains to bring the frieze，To the frequency，Can't lie。

At the time it never bothered me，At the bar getting my drug on，Doppelene，My squattery。

Lack of respect for authority，Laping hard，Happy to be escaping poverty，However we。

I know this game got values and peaks，Expectation for this，Focus invitation，We stack chicks hardly。

The youth I used to be，Soon to see a villain，No more Big Willie，My name is grown。

Before you called me William，Villain forever，News break will let me lie，Channel seven news。

Round seven tunes，Headset in the mic，Forgetting all I ever knew，Can't figure that ninja。

I suggest you call my lawyer，I know the procedure，Lock my body，Can't trap my mind easily。

Explain why we adapt to the crown，I rather die enormous than live on it，That's how we on it。

Live at the main event，I better trip them out，We on it，President you squeeze my。

President you squeeze my，Yo yo yo，Comfortably speaking it cold，Since I've sent you feeling，The NHS。

Don't be fooled，My game is mental，We both out of town dog，But you tryna get，What's going on guys。

We gonna start in a minute or so，Make sure everybody's，Enjoying the chat room，And then we'll。

Get everything started，Just wait no more，With these friends，And gambling and greed ya。

We can have a pleasant time，Sipping margaritas，Chichi-chichi，Can I live，Can I live，Can I live。

My mind is invested，With sex in the circle，Like Alexis，Let me turn down，This music a little bit。

Like Alexis，Here we go，Here we go，Boom there we go，All right there we go，Cool，How's everybody doing。

How's everybody hanging，Let's get this show on the road，So thank you for。

Joining me this little webinar，called the economics of relationships，I have a lot of thoughts。

About this，That I've been，Having running around in my head lately，And I want to share this with you。

First of all，Can everybody hear me all right，Can we like a thumbs up，Or something like that。

Yes you can hear me，On the truth you can hear me all right，Can you guys hear me。

Yes just type yes in the chat room，You can hear me all right，Yes awesome，Okay cool，So before we。

Can kind of get into the details of it，This is going to be a very very interesting，Chat we have here。

What I recommend that you guys do，I recommend you take a lot of notes，Definitely take notes。

You want to like open up a word document，And write down some notes，You have your cell phone。

You might want to go to the，Which area is this，Note pad here，Want to go to the note pad area。

Your phone，And you know make some notes there，I recommend you get a pen and paper。

Do some really crazy stuff，That I'm going to be saying today，And these concepts。

You're going to want to think about them，After this chat is done。

I might put this stuff out in a video，Really really far from now like in。

Let's say three or four months，But maybe this is the first time，I'm kind of saying it publicly。

And it's going to be some，Revolutionary stuff，It's going to change the way you view。

Not only dating relationships，But it's going to change the way you view，Your business relationships。

And change the way you also view，Your personal relationships，Your friends and family。

So let's get it cracking，All right，First thing is，I want to say the economics，Of relationships。

This kind of came to me，When I realized that，There's some relationships in life。

That you have that work out，And they're amazing，Then there's others that you have。

That just don't work out，No matter what you do，And you're like，What is it that makes them work。

What doesn't work，And you might feel like，A certain part of it is all，It's all on you。

It's all on you to make it work，And the other person found，Just a passive rider，In a relationship。

The truth is，There's some relationships，That you can control，And some that you can't control。

So the stoics，We call it this，The stoics，We call it things you can't control。

And things you can't control，So in life，There's those two things，Let me hear you guys say that。

Things you can't control，And things you cannot control，And relationships are，Somewhere in the middle。

So something you cannot control，For example，Is like the sun，It's like the sun going up and down。

You can't control the weather，You can't control，You can't control certain things，In life like that。

The year， the season，And what other people are doing，You cannot always control。

Things that you can't control，Are like your values，What time you want to get up，In the morning。

What you choose to eat，You have to eat，You have to eat regardless。

But you choose what you want to eat，When you eat like that，These things you can't control。

And when it comes to relationships，We really get frustrated，In relationships。

When we try to control things，That are outside of our control，So you try to control。

What somebody else is doing，You try to control，Their actions，You try to control，How they treat you。

That's so crazy about it，That's so crazy about it，You cannot always control。

That somebody is treating，How they treat you，You can control how you treat them。

What you get prepared for，What your boundaries，Your standards，Your expectations are。

The thing is you can't control，How they are treating you，That's a huge frustration，For people。

Because I think we try to get，To pick up our game，You get it，Because you're trying to like，Asect。

You want people to treat you，Nice and basically，People who are mean to you，For a long time。

They didn't react well to you，Talk to girls who are mean to you，Then you want them to treat you well。

But you can't always control that，So when it comes to relationships。

The first thing I kind of want you to，Understand is that，Not all relationships are equal。

Not all friendships are equal，Not all business partners are equal，Because you meet a girl。

And she hangs out with you，And maybe she gets back with her boyfriend，And the boyfriend meets her。

It doesn't mean that you are equal to him，It doesn't mean he's equal to you。

It's all kind of just crazy，It's kind of crazy，I thought there's got to be some rules to it。

To make sense of it all，It's got to be like a system，To understand what's happening。

With these relationships，People， friends， family，Boss， coworkers， etc。

So I try to make sense of it all，The first thing I kind of did，When we were back in the day。

Is I realized that everybody has a narrative，That they tell themselves，So a narrative is this。

A narrative is like，You do something，And somebody else tells them，Says what it means to them。

So I'll give you an example，Have you ever had，Let me ask you a question，Have you ever had。

An ex-girlfriend，I wrote you a song，That you were incredibly，Incredibly nice to，You were good to her。

You took her out to movies，You took her out to dinners，You called her good morning。

You texted her good night，You would hang out with her friends，You didn't really like。

You were nice to them，You were just complete，Gentlemen to her，You just gave her your heart。

Sold everything for her，And then what happens，Maybe about two months go by，Or two months go by。

And you guys break up，For whatever reason，She's just not like，A train of phone calls。

For whatever reason，Whatever happens，And you guys break up，All of a sudden，All of a sudden。

She blocks you，Out of nowhere，Out of nowhere，You're like why，Why am I blocked on Facebook。

Why am I blocked on Instagram，Or she's like just，You're like hey what's up，How are you。

And she texts back，Don't text me，Don't call me，Who's my number，You're like whoa，Whoa，Whoa。

What did this girl do，What happened man，What was this all about，And she，What happened is，She just。

What happened is，She made you the villain，She made you the villain。

And she chose to be a victim herself，Being a victim in a relationship，Kind of when it ends。

Helps you to get over the person，That you're close to，So she kind of turns you，Into this villain。

And those are the girls，Do this a lot sometimes，Like when a girl will break up。

And then she'll go back to her friends，And her friends will go，Amy you did not deserve it。

He did not deserve you，You can do so much better，You can do so much better than him。

He didn't deserve you，He was nothing in your life，And her friends try to make her into a victim。

And enforce this victim mentality in her，She's like you know what，You're right。

I couldn't do it better than him，Oh I didn't deserve you，He didn't deserve you，Yeah。

He was a jerk anyway，You're like whoa，What all this nice stuff，That I did for you。

So that's called a narrative，That's the first point I'm making，A narrative。

A narrative is something that people create，A story to help them be okay，With what's happening。

So another narrative could be like，You have a credit card，Everybody has a credit card。

I'm not going to pop mine out，Mine's around somewhere，Everybody's got a credit card right。

And most people that have credit card，Have debt on their credit card，That they're carrying。

Now if you have debt，I've been a slave of this too，Back in the day right。

If you have debt on your credit card，Realize that you try to make the credit cards。

Company into the villain，The bad credit card company，They tricked me into this debt。

And they tricked me，And took advantage of me，When I was at my weakest，The shame。

The credit card company，Right，But also with the situation too，Where you have the credit card。

Maybe you bought some things，That you knew that you couldn't afford，Or that you knew。

You didn't have the money for yet，And you knew the money would come in。

But you didn't have the money yet，And you still went and bought these things。

Maybe you bought some things you didn't need，Like some extra travel，Or some clothes you didn't need。

And now you got this credit card debt，Now it's like，Now you're playing the role of the victim。

Like wow，The credit card company took advantage of me，Well is it also possible，Maybe，Just maybe。

Is it possible，That you also play the role in it，Is it，Just think about it，Is it also possible。

That the credit，That you knew what you were doing，And you said，It'll be fine，It'll just work out。

It'll just work out，And you won't get a credit card anyway，So the point is，A narrative。

That's the first point，A narrative is something that we，We all create。

We create these story lines for ourselves，To help us deal with life，Okay。

So when we start to look at the relationships，The economics of relationships，I want to。

I actually did some research about this，Okay，So I love marketing，I love business。

I want to look at economic principles，The principles that control the economy，That control markets。

That control business，As I said，What these economic principles have in common。

With relationships and data，Let's try to line them up，And see what makes sense，How they match。

What are the things that are happening，In the economy，And like you know，Stock markets ups downs。

1% worst case scenario，Opportunity cost，Income potential，All these things are in economy。

And economics，And how can I compare them，To relationships that make sense。

And how do I bridge that gap，So that's what I did for you guys，Okay，I did that here today。

I made sense of all that craziness，So there is a，Economics to，There is an economics relationship。

I'm going to get into that in a second，Just a little smart thing，Now I've set the whole thing up。

I want to kind of set you guys up，With the whole idea of it。

And then give you the detailed information，Okay，First thing you realize，Point number two。

This is the second note，If you're writing notes，This is going to be the second note here。

Every relationship serves a purpose，That is it，Once there is no more purpose，The relationship serves。

The relationship is gone，It's finished，It's done，Every single relationship serves a purpose。

After the purpose is gone，The relationship is no longer useful，Alright，Now。

I said this once at a free tour，And everybody got really kind of like upset，That I said that。

I was like yo，The only reason the girl likes you，Is because you serve a purpose。

After you don't serve that purpose，The more you're gone，He's like why，I was upset，But think about it。

If a girl breaks up with her boyfriend，And she keeps you around for a little bit。

And you guys hook up and have fun，And then she gets back on her boyfriend，What did she do。

You just basically，Basically fulfill the purpose，And that need for her wasn't there anymore，Poof。

You're gone，You're going to the club，And you're trying to do all these approaches。

What are you also trying to do，You're also trying to boost your self-esteem。

So these girls are like little self-esteem trophies，You're trying to boost yourself up。

You're trying to boost yourself up，You're trying to boost yourself up。

You're trying to change your identity，So you're using these girls as practice，To feel better。

So you're using them，They serve a purpose，Even in a relationship，The husband，The marriage。

Husband and the wife，They are two ways of partners。

One person is a successful partner in more of this way，They had a divorce，Divorce times。

President of the United States，He serves a purpose for four years，And after that。

Nobody really cares that much，You might go all around，Speaking in engagements，That's it。

After four years，It's like，Who was，Before Clinton was George W。 Bush，Or George Bush Senior，Right。

Like，What's he doing，Does anybody even care，What George Bush Senior is doing，No， not really，I mean。

More than what I'm doing today，Probably，But，You don't care that much，Right。

So he served a purpose and he's gone，So the point you understand，Is that every single relationship。

Only serves a purpose，And once that purpose is gone，Then the relationship ends。

No matter how good you were，How nice you were，How much of a gentleman you were。

Once a purpose relationship is gone，It ends，So，If you have a girlfriend。

And you're not making her emotionally spiked，The way she wants，You're out，Eventually，You know what。

It's about how you treat her，If you are not checking in with her regularly。

When she needs regular phone calls，When she needs regular quality time，That's her love language。

That she needs quality time，She needs to just chill out with her some time，And do nothing。

Just sit on your laptop，Or read books together，Whatever it is，You can't do that for her anymore，Poof。

You're gone as well，So realize that everybody serves a purpose for you。

That everybody serves a purpose，Now what happens is when，People want different purposes。

Of the relationship，Then there's a breakup that happens，That's what it is，You want one thing。

You want kind of the same casual cool，She wants more serious，And it gets distance。

Between what you guys both want，What the goals are，And it breaks，A breakup is when the goals。

No longer align，The purpose relationship，No longer aligns，The emotions change，Somebody wants more。

Somebody wants less，They don't align anymore，So the third point I make is this。

Point number three or note number three，All right，Note number three is because of that。

Every relationship has an expiration date，So fun，Don't worry。

I'll get to the positive stuff in a minute，Every relationship has an expiration date，So no matter。

How long you think it's going to last，Once the goals are no longer aligned，It's gone，It's over。

Expired，That's not a bad thing，I hope you guys understand that，And appreciate that。

And learn how to work with it，So let me give you some points，That I've learned。

That will help you with this，Help you understand this，When it comes to personal relationships。

Business relationships，Whatever kind of relationship，First of all，No， first of all。

This is like point number four，You have to look at the opportunity cost，That's economic terms。

Opportunity cost，This is point number four，Opportunity cost，So，With a young man。

You're something young man developing，You have a certain amount of time in a day，You have 24 hours。

Time is the only thing that you cannot replace，You cannot get more of，Once you use it，It is gone。

You don't get time back，You have the same 24 hours a day，That Leonardo da Vinci had in a day。

That Michelangelo had in a day，That Martin Luther King had in a day，That Hitler had in a day。

That Nelson Mandela had in a day，That，Famous painters，Famous writers，William Shakespeare。

Benjamin Franklin，You have the same 24 hours in a day，That they have，That I have，All the same。

The only commodity that you have is time，That's the only thing you have，And everybody is successful。

That you've ever met，Uses their time wisely，So，When you're at a job。

They literally pay you for your time，You pay $20 an hour，$25 an hour。

That's literally the paying for your time，That's what you're worth to them。

You're worth a certain amount for hours，Everybody that I've ever met is successful。

They do this crazy thing where they，Think about their time in the future，So they'll never go to。

A weekend getaway kind of with their friends，To get drunk for no reason。

Because they feel like they're going to lose，The Saturday and Sunday，However they will do it。

If there's an opportunity to meet some really cool successful people there。

And network with them and be around some cool mindsets，That's why people get involved。

Or successful guys get involved，Like entrepreneurial organizations，Or networking events。

Or they go to，YouTube。com events，Or stuff like that in the area，Soho house，And with that because。

They're trying to get involved with people that have a great opportunity，So because time costs you。

You want to make sure you're spending that time correctly。

You're not spending your time in the right areas，So when you go to a club for example。

You spend your time up against the wall，Doing circles around，Doing laps，Ping pong around。

Or a zombie walking around，The club because you're nervous，Or you spend your time with quality。

Doing quality practice when you're there，Okay，You get the thing about how you're using your time。

So how does this，How does this go with dating relationships，Basically every girl you go out with。

Is going to be an opportunity cost，Okay，The opportunity to get with her。

The opportunity to hang out with her，The opportunity to meet your future girlfriend。

The opportunity to meet somebody amazing，There's an opportunity，There's also a cost。

Because if she doesn't want to go，You，Or she doesn't want to be friends with you。

She doesn't want to engage with you，And she doesn't see the potential for the future。

Then you've spent，Maybe half an hour getting there，An hour at the place，Half an hour getting back。

So time being ready，30 40 hours for drinks，And you have nothing to show for it。

So you have to ask yourself，What is your time worth，I'll give you some very concrete examples right。

For me right now，My time is worth a lot，Because I'm doing my second program。

Which is the Madison Bukipi Home，Coming out August 23，Kind of like boss，But it's actually about。

Dealing with sick people points，And dealing with，Trauma，And helping to。

Do behavioral correctional therapy，Okay，So that's coming out in August，So literally。

That's going to be a program that makes，Let's say six figures of sales，Leaning up to that time。

My time per hour literally，My free time is at least worth，$500 per hour，At least $500 right。

So I go out with somebody，I spend time with somebody，They have to give me a great value proposition。

So that my time is worth that，They don't have to say，I'm going to give you $500，But they got to like。

Do some really cool stuff，Or something to expand my horizon，And my life，Make it interesting。

So that's worth the time hanging out，Okay，So it's opportunity cost。

So you're going to be thinking about this，This is what I want you to think about，For yourself。

You need to think about your exercise，Think about the areas，Where you're spending time。

And how much you're losing，How much is stunting your growth，Think about the girls。

You're going out with，That you shouldn't even be going out with at all，Now that you're a man。

On your up and up，And think about that，Think about what you're losing，Because hanging out with them。

Is pretty much a waste of your time，Literally a waste of your time。

It's costing you money in the long run，People you should not be hanging out with。

Friends that you kind of got into，Step away from a little bit，Try to encourage your friends。

And motivate them to self-help，But if they're not，At the same level with you。

You got to distance yourself a little bit，All these things have to deal with，The opportunity cost。

That's the point of opportunity cost，Next thing you got to think of is。

Number five is the income potential，Income potential，So when somebody buys a stock，Let's say a stock。

Or in the stock market，Or whatever，They think of how much it could grow，When they buy a house。

They buy a painting，Or they buy a classical painting，By a painting in an area。

Think of how much their market is growing，For that painter，Income potential，So everything you do。

Has to have an income potential，Right now I'm talking to you guys，On a laptop。

This laptop is a MacBook Pro，It was the highest level last year，It's about a $4000 laptop。

So this has an income potential，To make me more money，Because I work on it，It's a working tool。

It's worth it，Here I have a camera，This is actually Owen's lens here，It's one of Owen's lenses。

A5 lens and a，A7S II camera，These things are like，Let's say 3000，And another 2000 there，3000。

It's like a $5000 camera，That has an income potential，To make me lots of money。

Because I do lots of videos with it，So everything you do，Everybody you associate with。

You think of what is the upside here，What's the possible upside，What's the income potential here。

Now the flip side，This is point number six，You got to think，What's the worst case scenario。

It's called，I can always call it this，They call it，You risk averse。

They call it 1% worst case scenario，So I met a girl，She works in stocks。

She works in analyzing stocks，And when she buys stocks and bonds，She says，Alright。

What's the 1% worst thing，That could happen here，Like we spend $10，000，On these stocks。

What is the 1% chance，That would just go completely horrible，And if it goes horrible。

What's the chance of that，And she breaks down math，And she does all the calculations，And she says。

Our risk is only about this much，So it's safe to do it，Now for yourself，You want to be doing that。

Not for 1% but 10%，So for example，You see a girl，You're making a date with a girl。

And the girl is 30 minutes away，You're going to go drive to her place。

What is the 1% worst case scenario，10% worst case scenario，You get there，And her phone is dead。

Or she doesn't answer，So make sure you get the correct address，Make sure you can maybe。

Get the buzzer number，The front door，Make sure that，You have an exact time plan already。

You got to eliminate the downside here，Eliminate the risk for you，When you're planning these dates。

If you're pulling a girl，You're bringing her home，What's the 10% worst case scenario there。

She steals your wallet，She goes to your wallet，Maybe you want to take your wallet。

Make sure there's no cash，Sticking out of your wallet，And go hide your cash somewhere。

If you're not around，Make sure your passport is away，The only thing about。

What's the worst case scenario，In situations，For any kind of relationship，That's what a prenup is。

People get married，They have a prenup，And the prenup is，In case your wife decides，She hates you。

And she loses all moral fiber，And that could happen，For whatever reason。

And recently you did the harassment，You didn't pass，You didn't do something，She thinks you might do。

And then you're in court，And the prenup is just，For that one percent worst case scenario。

Where you lose all respect for each other，So in any relationship，You want to be protecting yourself。

And using that，And think about what is the worst case scenario，That could happen here。

And kind of prepare yourself，For that before it even happens。

Now I guess this would be point number seven，I guess right now，Would be the market value。

Market value，Markets of value，Let's think about that for a second，What is the market value。

My market value is different than yours，And different than pretty girls，So pretty girl in Vegas。

What's her market value，Not very much，Because Michael Sartain and Luca。

Beat through kitty politicians all the time，They can replace girls，And there's so many people。

The girls come in and out of Vegas all the time，Every weekend，That there's always another one。

I heard that at strip clubs like Sapphire，Or whatever or not Sapphire or Rhinel。

The girls have to pay to go work there，And then everything after that，They make the key。

But they have to pay to go into the place，Right，So their market value，Is very high there。

So that's why people say，People are using their Vegas，Now if you go to let's say，I don't know。

What's another city，New York even，There's so many people in New York，There's like a population。

I think it's 30 million，That's ridiculous 10 million，So in New York，In New York state area。

That the market value is very low，Or it's lower，Now where's the market value very high。

The market value is very high，For the hottest girl in your school，Right，Because everybody is trapped。

In this little area，In these classes，And she's not over there，And everybody's fighting。

For her attention，Or the pretty girl at work，Right，Everybody，That's a pretty girl。

You see her every day，And spend many many hours，Around this person，Right。

So you have a market value as well，You have the market value，What are you doing in your life。

What are your goals，What are your things，You're working on，What have you done so far。

What are you successful at，What are your future prospects，Who do you know。

What's your social circle like，All those things，Protect your market value，So what's going on。

Is when you meet somebody，As shallow as it is，You're kind of comparing，Market values to each other。

You're saying，What's your market value，Prepared to her，And if your market value，Is lower than hers。

You have less of a value，In that environment，Then what you got to do，Is you make a value proposition。

As I said，It's going to be very technical，So I'll explain，That means a value proposition，Is like。

OK she has to clear it，It's understand what she's going to get，Out of hand now，She has to clear it。

You understand，What it's going to be like，To spend time with you，What's in it for her。

So I'll give you an example，I had a dude hit me up on，Instagram the other day，A really nice dude。

I mean I don't know this guy，He's probably a very nice dude，I'll show it to you right now。

This guy hit me up on Instagram，It was very randomly，He's like，Yo we should hang out，OK。

He said hey we should hang out，So I'll show you my Instagram，Right now here we go，I see Madison。

So I got 21，000 followers，And like that OK，See since I've been on the phone，With you guys。

It's three inboxes，Three inbox messages，So let's say I get like，40 messages a day OK。

40 messages a day，So I don't know if you guys，Can see this here，Probably not，So one of the dudes。

He just hit me up，And he's like，Yo let's hang out，And I was like，What，Like I don't know。

I don't know this guy，That I've met before，So let's hang out，Now for him to say，Let's hang out。

He's not thinking about，My market value，He's not thinking about，You know every time I hang out。

It's absolutely strange，It's me losing，$250 to $250 an hour，So because our value proposition。

Is so different，Because I'm working on Boss，Right I mentioned that，Because the time is worth money。

Money time thing，So literally losing money，By hanging out some data，So it's got to be something。

In it for me，I know it's in it for him，He gets to hang out，Ask questions，You know you're on。

Like my individuals，He gets to ask questions，About his dating life，Get some advice。

It's worth it for him，Now for me，Not something to jerk，Anything like that，I'm not going to try。

To try to help him，Because I explain this to him，Actually in text messages，Also for me。

If you want to hang out with me，Or you want to hang out with Owen。

Or you want to hang out with Elliot，You want to hang out with Brandon，You want to hang out with Greg。

You want to hang out with Jeff，You want to hang out with your favorite，YouTube personality。

You want to hang out with，You know celebrities or actors，You have to make an experience。

Worth it for them，So you got to say，Hey you know come with，I got this。

I have access to this great event，This sporting event，Let's go do that，I know this best restaurant。

It may take you out，They can afford the restaurant，Themselves but，You know at least。

You're making an effort，You're realizing what the market，Value it，Because the only reason。

Hanging out with somebody is，In fact number one，There's something in it for you。

So you're thinking about，What's in it for them，If you cannot get a，Very attractive meal for the date。

Part of it is because，You got to think about，What's in it for her，How can I make sure that she gets。

What she wants out of this，And if I don't know，I need to sit down，And think about。

What is in this for her，All right，So those are my tips，My I think I said about，6 or 7 tips there。

For the economics of relationships，I know it's a very quick，Rundown of them，I'll probably do more。

About this in the future，As time goes on，I'll probably break it down，To more detail，But。

Now we have questions，And answer time，So Q&A time，If you guys have some questions。

About what I just said，Or you have some questions，About just anything in general。

Go ahead and type it，In the questions comments section there，In the chat，And I'll go ahead。

And I'll answer those questions，Let's try to do questions，That are about what I just said first。

You know any questions，That are about the economics，Of relationships，The social dynamics。

Of relationships，And I'll go in there first，And I'll be happy，To answer your questions。

And if you have any，Just general questions，About boss or the content，That was in boss or whatever。

Let me know，I'll be happy to answer that for you，In the meantime，I'm almost getting ready soon。

To pack up，I'll be packing up，Going to，Where am I going，Ottawa next week，Ottawa for free tour。

Bootcamp hot seat，And then New York，New York，I got bootcamp，Future hot seat，And then off to。

Las Vegas，Nevada for，World Summit，OK，So，I got a question here，From Brandon，I think it says，All right。

Brandon says，A Madison，Is it right to be insecure，On certain issues，Such as looks。

As long as in general，You feel great about yourself，Yes，The correction，The answer to that is yes。

Everybody may feel insecure，About something，So for example，You might feel insecure，About looks。

But guess what，Also a very attractive girl，She feels insecure，About her looks。

Most of the prettiest girls，That are dated，Thought that they were，Sevens or eights，On the inside。

They always compare，Themselves to their friends，Who they hang out with。

Who are very very attractive girls，For example，What's a girl that poses，For a playboy model。

Maxim to be thinking about，She's going to be thinking about，The other girls，Who are in that magazine。

Oh that girl has a better breast，That girl has a better jawline，You know。

She's always been comparing herself，To another girl，So everybody is insecure，About something。

You can still be successful，Even though you are insecure，Okay，Some guys are insecure，About hair。

Some guys are insecure，About dad box，Education，Financial success，Everybody is going to be insecure。

About something，I actually have a video，Coming out about that，Probably about two，Or three weeks。

Probably about two weeks actually，About insecurities，And I go into it，About in very very。

A lot of detail，About an hour，Just about the different，Securities and everything。

Different securities，And why you have it，And how you get over it，But it is okay。

To be insecure about your looks，What you should realize though，Is that looks don't。

We say looks don't matter in RSD，What that means is，Looks help，You know，Driving for army helps。

Being rich helps，For logistics，And stuff like that，And good looks will get you，The first 30 seconds。

Of how you've been trying，But after that，If the guy is really dumb，The girl gets understood。

Very very fast，Or she just deals with it，For a while，Or she has most，Interested in herself。

But the unhandsome guy，Can just kind of go in，Like under the radar，Really really，Surprised her。

So you have the element，Of surprise，That sometimes works to your advantage，If you're a guy。

That's not that great looking，You can build more comfort，And have things work out that way。

So we got a question，Here from Daniel，Daniel，The question is，You think after any relationship。

When a girl seriously feels，Like your family can't stay，In touch with her，I'm not sure I understand。

What that question is，It's like，Are you saying that，We can rephrase that，Your family thinks that。

They can stay in touch，With the girl you dated，I'm not really sure，But you can re-explain that。

A little bit more，I'm going to do this，Other question here，It says，Hey our instructors，Always hustle。

And sometimes cut their sleep，That's correct，How do you compensate，For sleep deprivation。

Lots of coffee，I'm joking，I'm not sure，How do you compensate，For sleep deprivation。

I know once you made a video，About the health routine，But it's enough to cut sleep。

For a month or more，It depends，I mean，The sleep stuff I was talking about，Is I have a。

We all have a process，That we go through for sleep，So all these instructors，The thing is。

We travel in time zones，And I'm on about 100 airplanes，A year，I'm on a city，A world tour this year。

A hundred airplanes this year，In different time zones，So what happens is。

The sleep cycle gets all kind of，Messed up，Your circadian rhythm，They call it。

Can get kind of all jumbled up，So with that，You want to be having maybe，If you're trouble sleeping。

You're going to be making your bedroom，A place of quarantine，So no cell phones。

No laptops in your bedroom，You're going to get blackout-wide，So you have to eye mask。

Once in a while for myself，I'll take either，Organic magnesium of some kind。

Or the best kind of melatonin，That I can take，Before heading to sleep。

Also meditating before sleep helps，Now the guys asking，Should you constantly，Cutting sleep early。

I don't think so，I think it's better，To actually wake up early，Most of the successful people。

That are out there，I think guys like，Barry Kanderjuk and Eric Thomas，All these guys talk about it。

They say they get up early，When you get up early，And you can go to the gym early，It allows you to。

It allows you to kind of，Get your day started，Before everybody else，And get a head start。

And go to nap later on，In the afternoon if you want，But I would not cut sleep，For more than a month。

More than a few weeks，I probably wouldn't do it，For two or three weeks，Two or three weeks。

You're getting four or six hours，In the night，Six hours but after that，I would definitely get back。

To the eight hours a night asleep，Because when you do，For too long。

Your brain just starts to go crazy，And your energy reserves get less，You have less of a deep pocket。

Energy just happens to you，When you need it，So definitely don't cut sleep。

For more than three or four weeks，Do it for a little bit，But nothing more than that，OK。

So get back to Daniel's question here，Of asking about when，A girl is part of your family。

And you grow apart，Yeah and he's saying，So you part of your family，Grow apart。

And there's nothing there anymore，And you think you know，The other side or just end it。

It's a very tough question，I think some people，Want to stay in your life。

And they'll make the effort to，And some don't，What I want to，This is a little late for you。

To ask this，But whenever I'm going to go，I always ask her，So tell me about your ex boyfriend。

Tell me about your ex relationships，Because I can see，She makes all of her exes，Into villains。

I can see how she treats her exes，She's still friends with them，Something like that。

It's a very important thing，You never really know，The girl makes you into the villain。

And her into a victim，But you can't be friends，You might have to wait，Six months。

For all that drama to settle，And then you can be friends after，But it's very hard to be friends。

Right away，You might have to take some time，You can't be friends right away。

Because she needs the time to heal，She needs the time to get over you。

And kind of make you into a bad person，And make you not a bad person，And also lose the risk。

Of you get back together，And your friends，That your relationship never really ended。

It's kind of like，It's continuing on this friendship，This friendship story，This friendship identity。

But it never really ended，So you might have to take six months，Couple of months off。

Of you in contact，Not having contact，And then hopefully，When all that's done。

You can get back together，Six months later，And be an actual legit friend。

When you see both have really moved on，So Daniel，I hope that answers your question there，Yeah。

 so Justin asked，A really interesting question here，This might be the。

The second last question I'll take here，I'll take one more question，I'll take one more after this。

Justin asked，He says，While in Chicago，I dated a few dentists，Surgeons and vicious women。

I prefer to be with women like this，But what advice would you give，Guarding managing expectations。

Of high profile women，As the usual expectation，Is for a relationship，The more and more。

They find out about me，Good question，It sounds like you're dating women。

That are maybe in their 30s I think，It's mostly an age thing，Right，Like if a woman is like say，34 35。

She's gonna be expecting，She's gonna，Her biological clock is ticking，She hates hearing about this。

But it's called the sexual market value，A biological clock is ticking，She wants to settle down。

If a woman's younger，Then there's also a possibility，That you could still hang out。

But have your time，It's gotta be very very clear，Expectations right，She's not gonna think that you。

She's gonna get you in a relationship，Unless you tell her that it's possible。

If you tell her that you're，You're very clear on the part，Of being here，And saying that you're not。

You're not wanting a relationship right now，That's what makes you really into。

You know the space for it，You don't have time for it，And explain the reasons。

Why you don't want it right now，I think it'll be clear，It's literally like sitting down。

And talking about it，It's not like I think you say，Oh yeah I'm not looking for a relationship。

So you really have to just，Have a conversation，With one whole copy，Or one whole phone conversation。

Pretend that it's about this thing，Because they will，They will overthink it，Or overlook it。

You know myself，I'm at a very funny point right now，I would love to have a relationship。

But when I just see，What happens in relationships，And how people get so bitter，So like dank。

And like how not nasty they get，It turns me off from the idea，Of having a relationship。

You know things like，It's crazy，It's crazy what happens，Sometimes when they're over，Your best friend。

Your best friend can almost become，Like an arch enemy，Or a problem in your life，After it's over。

So the idea of having a relationship，Actually kind of turns me off，You know I would love to have one。

If the right person came along，It would take a lot to get me into one，Now to the last question here。

Here we go，Last question，I think by Ed or Eid，I'm not sure if I pronounced that right，E-E-D。

I don't know if you held the keyboard，Down a little bit longer，There's a post there。

What happened there，I'm not really sure，This question is，Hey Madison，What are your recommendations。

For holding a relationship，With all people，If you are having a mobile life。

I drive up and down California，And work and only stay in LA，And San Diego。

For two to three days at a time，Good question，This is something that we deal with a lot。

As RLC instructors，I've actually been playing around，This a lot，And I've been teaching this。

To the other guys，Some of the assistants，And I've been asking them，What's my strategy for。

Longest relationship，Any time，Most important thing is，There's a few things，Okay。

So one of the first things is，I use a lot of，Phone calls and video chat，I try to not text。

I try to phone call and video chat，Every two to three days，I think that if you don't do that。

There's no，If you don't phone call and video chat，The relationship cannot get a rhythm to it。

So when you，So let's say you text somebody，Texting is just words on a screen。

They can read it with whatever emotion they want，They can think whatever they want。

When they're reading it，When you video chat or you，When you video chat or you。

Even an audio message or somebody，I think it helps a lot，So the cool thing about iPhones。

Is they have this audio message feature，Which is not a voicemail，But a regular audio feature。

And so you kind of just go here，You guys can see this here，And you press this little button here。

It's like an up sign，Is that an up sign，Yeah it's not working。

Well usually there's a little microphone there，And you can record a voice message。

And they get it directly，To the text messages，And that's a lot better than texting。

Because there's personality，There's voice，There's emotion，There's tone in it。

I heard that Tony Robbins doesn't send emails，I heard that Tony Robbins only sends。

Like 30 second voicemails through emails，So that's what he does a lot。

So I think when you're on the road，And you're traveling a lot，It's important to do voicemails。

And video chat，I would even use schedule times，Like hey just you know every Friday。

It's me and you were chatting at 5 o'clock，Like you have like a schedule time，With the person。

Now some people can't commit to schedules，Especially girls，I want to just go with the flow。

I want to be，I want to just do it when it feels right，Like this is not going to work。

For your lifestyle，There's unfortunately there's not a place，For these people in your lifestyle。

Because they're going to take up，All of your time，They're not going to value the free time。

You have available，Okay，Something me and Brandon，Had a lot actually before，Brandon Carter。

You're just in two different worlds，You're in two different worlds，They don't understand。

The short time that you have available，So you got to apply，To the respects of your time。

It's probably going to be，Somebody that has a job，That's similar，A bartender。

That has a weird schedule，A consultant，A flight attendant，A lawyer，Who has to schedule everything。

It's going to be somebody，That also has a time，That's not that flexible。

And has to have their fun schedule，It's more fun to schedule your fun。

It's going to be one of those people，It'll probably be a person like that，But。

It's mostly a personality thing，And try to find somebody，That understands that。

And then use those tools of，FaceTime，Of Facebook video chat，And Snapchat Messenger。

And Instagram video，And voice messaging on the iPhone，To really make it work，Okay，So that is it。

That is all guys for today，Once again I want to thank you guys，For joining me today。

This is the last of the Boss webinars，There's going to be three with Boss，This is the last one。

The other two webinars that were done，If you missed them，We're actually getting uploaded。

To the membership area in Boss this week，So you'll see that。

I think maybe starting tomorrow or the day after，You'll see those in the membership area。

If you missed the first two webinars，That we did in the last previous months。

So everything will be in there for you to enjoy，Including this one。

This webinar will also be in there for you to enjoy，Very very soon，The economics of relationships。

Okay，Some brand new content，Some brand new ideas，I tried to like，Bless you guys with new。

New revolutionary stuff，I'm always thinking about，It's on my mind，Before I put it out to the public。

So you guys can get a first peek，Into the economics of relationships，Alright，So once again，As always。

Thank you very much，Appreciate it，And keep in touch，And don't be a stranger guys。

Cheers。