# 03.麦迪森BOSS【萌萌团队-皮卡内部提供】：奖金：从你早上睁开眼睛的那一刻起就S死它（高清）

- 字幕君請按讚-，Hey！ What up？，MadCy with Real Social Dynamics，And welcome to this week's mission for Boss。

I'm outside here in my little town of Toronto，A little town within Toronto。

Which is a big city and it's freezing fucking cold。

But I decided to pop out here and do a video for you guys，Because I had some thoughts in my mind。

And I wanted to share it with you，Now hopefully with Boss right now in your life。

You moved from a place of fear and concern，Maybe leaving a little bit of anger。

That you originally experienced when you first started the program，You know。

 that's why you picked it up，And you want to move to a place of sort of like self-awareness，You know。

 so，When you first start a program like this，You know， the reason why you pick it up is because you。

Feel those emotions of fear， anger， etc。，Fustration，And that's a very low level of consciousness。

And what I try to do through awareness，Talk about your values and your character and things like that。

Is move you to self-awareness，That's kind of like the middle level。

And then once you kind of finish the program，You have all these experiences， these missions。

It stretches you spiritually and emotionally in a way。

Where you understand the world around you and others，And that's like， you know。

 all encompassing kind of awareness，You understand yourself and others。

So that's what I'm trying to get you to，So at first if I started with the kind of like these。

The mission we give you today，If I gave it to you originally，You wouldn't see the reason in doing it。

You see the purpose in doing it，The benefit in doing it either。

But now since you kind of went through the process of，The other missions we've had。

You're going to see the value of it，And today's mission。

What I want to talk to you about is your morning ritual，Okay， your morning ritual，Now。

 what would the benefit of having a morning ritual，Even do for you。

How does it affect your game and so on，A morning ritual is，The idea is it helps you get your life。

Or your day started in the right way，Get your day started in the right track，You know。

 in the course of creating Boss，Which is took me 10 years to do，I read thousands of articles。

And literally hundreds of books，About 500 books courses，And programs in the area of self-development。

And one of the common things that they always always said，Was successful CEOs or business people。

Get up in the morning and do some form of exercise，Some form of exercise，Okay， whether it's like。

 you know， five minutes of crunches，Or a little run around the block or whatever。

Because they understand that if they can use their willpower，Which we don't have very much of yet。

But if they can use their willpower，To conquer their day in a little bit，In the morning。

And set their day in the right path，They then are able to have that chain reaction。

Where it sets up the rest of their day，Where they're able to kill it。

And crush it because they're so pumped up，From doing things initially the right way。

It gives them that drive to force，To knock it out of the park later on the day。

When other challenges come up，They feel like they're in a good flow，They're in a good vibe。

They're happy， etc。，And their mind is just tuned in，So you want to do that for yourself。

Now there's also a great book，By Brian Tracy，Which is called Eat the Frog。

I personally haven't read all the whole book，But I've read little segments，And little parts of it。

And I've heard great things about it，From people that I trust and I respect。

And in that book Eat the Frog，Brian Tracy essentially says，He's like well。

What you want to do is the hardest thing in the morning，Because that takes up all of your willpower。

And if you can handle the hardest thing in the morning，The rest of your day is good。

But also if you handle the hardest thing in the morning first，You get it out the way。

A lot of times we leave these things like gyms，We say oh we're going to go to the gym。

After work is done，And then you go to work，And it drains you of all of your willpower。

Because you have a limited amount of willpower，That's used there。

Created as energy to prefrontal cortex，You have a limited amount，Can be strengthened like a muscle。

But you have a limited amount，You use it all up at work，Fighting with projects etc。。

And then you go to the gym，Try to go to the gym after work，And you can't do it。

You're just like ah fuck this，I'm out of here，Right so the idea of it is。

Do the hardest things first in the day，And one of the hardest things，Just to get the ball rolling。

Might be doing a daily morning ritual，Well Madison that's fantastic。

But how does it help me with pickup，How does it help me with the ladies，It helps you in this way。

When you know，That from the beginning of the morning，You were on point，You were focused。

You were tuned in，You were zoned in，You were hungry，You were a shark，When you know that。

And you step up，Through that lady at the club，Or on the street，You know，Think about it。

8 o'clock in the morning day game，When you're running to the bus stop at work，You see that girl。

You're already in the fucking zone，You're already there，Because you know you've handled some shit。

You're like yeah，It boosts your inner self confidence，Your ability to fall through。

Your ability to trust in yourself，A long time ago I had this video on YouTube。

I think it's still there，You can go check it out，It's on the RSD Motivation channel。

And it's called incremental integrity，Incremental integrity，And what that is。

Is that every time you keep，Promise to yourself，It builds up your self respect，So that's the idea。

Now with the morning ritual，You don't want to start this off，With something absolutely crazy。

That you're not going to keep，There's a girl I'm seeing right now。

She says her mom is a successful CEO，And her mom says fuck goals。

Her mom doesn't do anything like that，She goes fuck goals，It's all about habits。

Fuck goals it's all about habits，So the idea of this is，You just want to start with a habit。

That you can maintain，And a habit that you can keep，You don't want to start with something crazy。

That's really hard for you to do，That you're not going to keep，Just the habit，So in the beginning。

The habit of just going to the gym，Doing one minute on the treadmill，Taking off your shoes。

Or changing your clothes back，And leaving the gym，That's better than this big grandiose idea。

Of you going to go to the gym，For an hour a day and crush it，Just start with the fucking habit。

The small habit，Start with something very very small，The first five minutes of the morning。

And that might be a gratitude prayer，Where you say some things，That you're thankful of in your life。

Or some things that you've done yesterday，That really help boost up your soul。

And make you feel good on the inside，And respect yourself，That could be something you do。

I do that every morning，The first five minutes could just be。

You know if going to the gym is too much，I used to literally roll out of bed。

With an alarm clock of P。 Diddy，It was like this YouTube video I got，I put onto a CD，And it's P。

 Diddy saying like，I can do it，I believe in myself，I trust myself and God，And that's it。

Lock in motherfucker lock in，That was my alarm clock，And I set that on my phone to go off。

Or my CD player to go off，And I'd roll out of bed，And I'd do 20 crunches，20 dips and 20 push ups。

That's it，That was my first morning ritual，For maybe like a month，That was it，Or for two weeks。

And then I just got the ball rolling with that，The idea is the habit is more important。

Once you start getting that habit down，That you can lock in more things right，If you shower at night。

Maybe you want to do your shower in the morning，Because it gets you all pumped up and excited。

And makes you feel relaxed and refreshed，Like you shed a skin and you're a new person。

Ready to go start the day，What else let's think here，What else could you do。

You could also maybe do a smoothie，I do that every morning，Very very basic smoothie。

My smoothie has blueberries for antioxidants，Some maca powder，I have some vegetable proteins。

Some vegan protein，Or some egg protein in there，I would think about putting B-Pol in it，But I don't。

I also put some crushed up or frozen，Blackberries in a can or strawberries。

And kind of add some flavor，I put some veggie greens plus powder in there，And that's about it。

You know I'm pretty much good to go with that，That's kind of the way I start my day with that。

So you could add a whole bunch of other things，Into your routine as well。

I also do an audio book for 20 minutes，Some people say how do you have all this fucking time。

To do an audio book and exercise，Well I listen to the audio book，Usually when I exercise。

Or you could listen to the audio book，For 20 minutes on your way to work。

Which it would be like popping it into your audible，Your iPhone or whatever。

When you're in the subway or on the metro，Or the bus or whatever it is right。

So you could think of ways to get it done，But initially what I want you to do。

Is just have a five minute morning ritual，That's your mission，That's your mission for this week。

A five minute morning ritual，That is easy and repeatable，That you could do every single day。

Okay something that you could do，Any time you want，And you just boom，Just like that，It's easy。

When I say easy，That also means that you haven't prepared，For the next morning。

So if your morning ritual is，You need to go for a walk around the block。

Not even a run around the area，Just a walk around the block，Put your shoes out，Put your t-shirt out。

That you're gonna wear，Put your shorts out，Put it out the night before，Next to you。

Cross from your bed，So when you wake up，And you're like，You're like your zombie state，Like the。

You could just kind of roll over，And just tap the clothes。

And the shoes that are there for you already，Okay，So what I want you to do with this mission。

Is I want you to write them in the fucking phone app，And write them in the boss Facebook group。

I want to see these missions popping up，That way I know you guys are fucking doing the missions。

And you're keeping up with that shit，You owe this to yourself，And you owe it to me。

I'm watching you guys，When you guys don't do the missions。

A little piece of my heart dies on the inside，Okay，Do it，Do it， I'm doing this for you，Nobody else。

As I always say，Your success is my success，Okay，And I really mean that，I don't have any success。

This means nothing to me，Unless I see you，Getting those improvements，And those results in your life。

So that's it for now，As always keep in touch，And don't be a stranger。

Boom。