# 03.麦迪森BOSS【萌萌团队-皮卡内部提供】：核心内容：19任务，英雄接受测试—侧行线

Hey， what's up？ What's good？，What is really good？，What's really really good？ How you doing？。

Thank you for coming back。 Thank you for being here。，I'm here for you。，Welcome to mission number two。

，Mission number two， here we go。，So last week's mission， you did the meditating on the dance floor。。

Very basic， very much of a foundation。，And today we're going to continue on with that foundation even more。

，We're going to take that lesson that we had， the awareness，。

 and from the dance floor stimulation all around us，， and we're going to enhance it。。

We're going to turn it up just a notch。，Just a notch， just a little bit。，Now。

 what we're going to have you do this weekend，， or even this week， or you know，。

 pay up as a day or a weekend for you，， is going to be interesting。。

It's actually probably one of my least favorite things to do in reality。，I hate doing it。

 I absolutely hate doing it。，The reason I hate doing it is because。

 I just don't enjoy this kind of contact with people at all。，It's one of my pet peeves。。

And because it's my pet peeve， it irritates me。，It frustrates me。，I get pissed off when it happens。。

I think it's going to be amazing。，I'm going to do that for you。，I'm going to tell you all about it。。

And you're going to experience that as well。，The pet peeve I have is this。。

I hate when I'm out on the downtown somewhere，， and I'm just walking in my own business，。

 just going to a store， just like I'm in a rush。，And I seem to always get bumped。。

Somebody just bumps into me。，I'm walking my lane。，I'm doing my thing。，I'm trying to get somewhere。。

And they walk into me。，They don't walk around me。，They have no sensory awareness。。

They don't give a fuck， to be honest， where I'm going。，They don't care where I'm going。。

They're so trapped in their own little world， of where they got to go and their problems。。

They don't have the decency to look at somebody else， who's coming in the direction。。

I absolutely hate that。，So your mission is to walk in a straight line。，That's it。。

Sounds pretty simple， right？，You pick a block。，The busiest block downtown that you can find，。

 maybe a block that's like a minute，， a minute， minute and a half to walk down。。

And you just literally find a spot on the cement。，Most cements will have those blocks，。

 and you should be able to find a line on the block。。

You find a line on the block that goes all the way down， to the end of the block，。

 and it should be in the middle of the sidewalk，， not too far to the left， like on the curb，。

 not too far to the right，， so you're close to the buildings。， You don't want to avoid trees。

 obviously，， but straight down the middle of the sidewalk。。

And your mission is to just walk straightforward， several times。。

The first time you're going to do this，， you're just going to walk in a straight line。。

As you do this，， it's almost like a walking meditation， okay？，You walk at your own rhythm。。

You don't walk fast。，So if everybody's like speeding， speeding fast，， you don't walk fast。。

You walk at your own rhythm， your own speed， okay？，Your own rhythm， your own speed。。

And you don't change no matter what，， no matter who walks into you，， no matter who cuts you off，。

 no matter who's running into you。，You just keep going at this speed，， at your own rhythm。。

Either you're like this， your own speed， your own rhythm。，Either you're going like this。

 your own speed， your own rhythm。，And that's super clutch， super key。。

What you're going to notice is that， it's kind of uncomfortable to keep your rhythm。

 while it's other people around you。，You're going to feel like you want to fit into what they're doing。

，You're going to feel like you want to adjust。，You're going to feel like you want to kind of compensate。

，Don't， because the majority of them won't。，I expect you to knock into people。，That's what I expect。。

I expect you to hit your shoulder。，I expect if you have a bad clue，。

 you're going to knock it in from your hand。，It's going to teach you a very valuable lesson。。

It's going to teach you about yourself。，First of all， that lesson is going to be，，Hey。

 people don't care that much about me。，And number two， it's going to teach you that people care。

so much about themselves that they're trapped in themselves。，So everybody's so concerned about。

the way that they're perceived，，they're not even worried about the way that。

you think you're perceived。，They're so concerned about how they look，and what they're doing。

and what they're going about doing in their day。，Okay， so it's interesting。。

That's a concept in game where，you think that everybody's so concerned about your opener，。

but really they don't give a fuck at all。，So it helps you to relax and let go of that。，Now。

 that's the first thing，when you walk down the street。，The other time you walk down the street，。

you're going to do it just looking at your feet。，You're going to keep walking on the street，。

same pace， same rhythm。，But I want you to look down at the ground，at only your feet。

and notice that there's a difference。，Notice that there's a difference。。

Notice what happens when you do it this time。，I used to read books sometimes。。

I noticed that whenever I read a book，，nobody would bump into me。。

They were suddenly aware of their environment，and they'd avoid me。。

Whenever I tried to just walk somewhere normal，，people would always bump into me。。

It's really strange how that works， right？，So I want you to do that。。

Notice the difference when you're，aware of other people。

and notice the difference when you're walking down the street，and you're not aware of other people。。

You're just looking directly at your feet。，I want you to post the results。，Post the results。

 write the results，，share them in the nation，，show them in the boss group on the app，。

share them in the boss Facebook group。，But also，，I want you to be aware of how you felt when you did it。

，That's something to learn。，Not just about what was the result，，what was the physical thing。

that happened in the space around you，，but also what did you experience？，What did you go through？。

What were you thinking？，What were you feeling？，What did you see happen to you，when that was going on？

，Okay？，Be still for a moment。，Think about it。，Listen， look， feel，and then post that。，Alright？。

So that's the mission for this week。，And I'll see you soon。

。