# 麦克斯 女朋友游戏【关系管理】【萌萌团队-皮卡内部提供】：麦克斯 女朋友游戏【关系管理】：4.你们关系中的问题：3 我失去了性趣，变得无聊

OK， now this video deals with，I'm losing sexual interest in my girlfriend。

or I'm getting bored with my girlfriend，Now there's a couple reasons for this，Number one is your ego。

 OK？，You didn't fully go through the four becomeings，You want a nice little girlfriend。

to give you nice validation，but also you still kind of want to go out， you know。

you want to get fresh hose validation basically，and there was no conscious decision to get a girlfriend。

that also might be the case， you know，it was more like。

you know it would be nice to have this one as my primary，I guess because of the validation， you know。

you know you're stuck in player role，and your story might even be similar to the object story。

where you just want to gather different objects，and honestly this is not saying that you're a bad person。

or that you're doing it wrong，it simply means that you're misreading your own needs。

the need of validation，it would be kind of nice to get a girlfriend。

it would be kind of nice to have this one as my primary one，you read these signs as，yo。

 I want a girlfriend，where as in reality，you don't want a girlfriend，you just want the validation。

the solution for that is，if that is the egoic reason，that you're coming from is，go out。

go through the four becomeings，back to the fucking drawing board，and go work on yourself，now。

the other reason why you might think like that is，you didn't aim high enough，and。

very very similar here，you know you got in a relationship，not because she's the 10 out of 10。

OMG really perfect fit kind of girl，but rather because you know，you like her enough。

but you are afraid to lose her，so you pin her down，in an exclusive relationship。

you know so you feel better about yourself，yeah that could happen。

you like getting the validation from her，you know see earlier what I said。

and what it also could be is that deep down inside，you kind of feel that you can't get a better girl。

but you do want to keep your options open，just in case you know you get lucky with a harder girl。

in that case you're basically stuck，in an even earlier role，not even the player role like。

more like almost like the noob role，and，like the noob slash early player role kind of style。

and this is important here，because when you find yourself in that situation。

again you interpret the signs wrong，you think you're ready for a relationship。

you think you're the boyfriend and all that，but you're not even in the fucking player mode yet。

the solution for that is also，if you didn't aim high enough，clearly go out again。

go through the four fucking becoming，work on yourself，commit less early in the future。

commit less early，learn to like or love a girl，without having to pin her down in a relationship。

resist the urge to own，you know and or control，remember the flower example that we talked about。

in the open relationships，having her having other guys chapter。

what are we talking about there in the flower，you got to be willing to love，and appreciate a girl。

without having to own her，without plucking the flower right，what also could be is that。

a solution is that you're actually，in open relationship with that girl，not an exclusive relationship。

because then you're like，you know it's okay when you're a little，less sexually interested in her。

because she's not the only one，you're getting sex from。

so you could be in an open relationship with her，but then also you have to learn to be cool。

with her having other guys，so you see that if you're in that stage。

again it's not that you're worse of a man，or any of that，it just means that you're earlier。

in that development，than you might have thought，and it's a great way to learn to let go。

it's a great way to learn how to love，without possession，and it's a great way to knowing yourself。

and understanding your own insecurities right，now let's talk about losing sexual interest。

because many guys get in a relationship，way too early，and for the wrong reasons。

as I said earlier right，she's merely a fuck buddy，but you find her particularly attractive。

a little more attractive，than the other girls，so for some random reason，you want to own her。

you want to girlfriend that chick up，you know and about the same time，you also kind of want to pimp。

you're afraid that you'd lose her，if you would just go pimp，without being in a relationship。

so you get her in a relationship，and then you will fall on，a mental scarcity mode actually。

so we've talked about that，and the solution here is，either you commit less early。

and you resist the urge to own，same spiel as earlier，or again，being in an open relationship。

same spiel as earlier，you know，I personally love sex，with different women，you know I love having sex。

with all kinds of different women，but I also love sex，with my girlfriend。

and that's the most important point，I also love sex with my girlfriend，so living in polygamy。

actually makes you crave，your girlfriend much much much more，so being in an open relationship。

is not a bad thing at all，we'll talk more about this，in the extra monogamy polygamy chapter。

but it's crazy because，I love sex with a lot of girls，but I also love sex，with my girlfriend。

it's good for my sex drive，for my girlfriend，that actually increases my lust for her，right。

because you're getting in the breadth，from fucking all these other hoes，getting in the depth。

from fucking your girlfriend，and also here as a solution is，surprise spice up your sex life。

it sounds so cliche，but get out of the fucking routine，of fucking your girlfriend。

you know for us man，it's almost a little harder to notice，I would say，because we easily get stuck。

in the routine，because we're basically lazy fucks，we don't want to think。

we don't want to like refresh and share，we're just like here's the sex，let's do it like we always do。

I kind of mentioned that，in the sex chapter already，but really ask yourself，when was the last time。

you fucked your girlfriend，somewhere else，when was the last time，you fucked her in lingerie。

try different stuff，treat her more dirty than ever before，treat her less dirty than ever before。

more lovely，whatever the fuck it is，change up the vibe，and the environment around sex，you understand。

a big reason why we're in fucking，why we're into fucking several girls，as much as possible。

is because we like the unknown，you understand，we like，you know like pulling down her panties。

for the first time，and seeing what her pussy looks like，you know we like how girls，fuck differently。

in different positions，you know one has the，hers are legs apart in doggy style。

one has their legs together，one sucks dick fast，the other one sucks dick slowly，more intensely。

you know whatever it is，we like that，we like that mix，that is a big reason，why we like to fuck。

a lot of different girls，and with our girlfriend，we'll get used to that，for a couple of weeks。

we know she sucks dicks，we know how she wants the position，we know all these things。

but there's no reason，to just to blindly accept that，you understand，you don't need to，for example。

my girlfriend is going down on me，she starts sucking my dick，like she always does，and I'm saying no。

stop，do it like this，you know，put your body here，let me lick your pussy，like tell her that，okay。

take her head，and move it differently，you know，another example is。

you know you guys are getting ready for bed，you're brushing your teeth，next to each other。

for the hundred fucking time，you know you're gonna go to bed now，and have sex。

you know like you always do，you know about，how about you fuck her，right there and fucking then。

as she's brushing her teeth，spice the shit up，another example is，you know you always kiss her first。

and you slowly reach down her pussy，to make her wet，then you start a missionary。

the X amounts of times before，you know then you，how about you deny her kissing you。

how about you turn her over，rip off her panties，lick her from behind，you know。

different actions result in her，different behavior，and then you're getting in the breath。

from fucking your girlfriend too，so spicing up your sex life，could indeed be a very very good thing。

to actually not lose sexual interest，in your girlfriend，sorry about the last point here。

the I could do better，and you see as above，there's a lot of parallels again，so on one hand。

yes honestly，honest answer here，you could always do better，you can always do fucking better。

because you're hustling hard，you're coming from abundance，you clearly could always do better。

on the other hand，you might also think the following，actually she's really really awesome。

and while I could do better，realistically，it would probably take me a long ass，fucking time。

to find a girl that is better than this one，so if this is by the way not the case。

if you're not thinking this way，well I could get better，but it would take me very long。

if you're not thinking that，then you've committed too early，like I said in the all above examples。

so at the end of the day，ask yourself the following thing，does she just make you feel good。

because you know you don't have to work hard，to get sex，and it's kind of nice to wake up。

to some validation from her，like some text or whatever，or does she inspire you，and vigourate you。

turn you on，does she make you laugh，and smile every fucking day，which one is it，the truth is。

you could always do better，she could always do better too，could I get an 11 out of 10。

Russian Victoria's Secret model，that is by chance also a Starcraft 2 pro，she has a rich daddy。

who buys me a yacht，because I'm cool，yes honestly honestly，I probably could。

and chances are high that，somewhere this kind of chick，actually is out there，like seriously。

chances are high that，one chick is out there，but it would take me a long，as fucking time。

for our paths to cross，now question here，could my girlfriend score，an 11 out of 10。

super duper epic game guy，who's even funnier，slightly better in shape，travels a little more。

is a little taller，could she get that，is there a guy like that out there，yes absolutely，but again。

chances that their paths cross，are very very low，chances will never be fucking zero。

but they can be very very quite low，for both of you，so yes，we can both absolutely do better。

to a very small degree，but honestly，I'm happy，I'm happy to such a degree，with my girlfriend。

that when I'm with her，she's putting her beautiful head，on my chest，and she's looking at me。

and I'm feeling her body，I truly don't want to be，anywhere else，if that is the case，then you're good。

if that is not the case，then you might have committed too early，you want to find yourself。

a better girlfriend，so you see where I'm getting here，so to summarize，be aware of your egoic reasons。

be aware whether or not，you might have committed too early，be aware of what are the reasons。

why you got in a relationship，with her in the first place，maybe you're not even。

on the boyfriend stage yet，maybe you're in the noob stage，or in the player stage。

and you just kind of want to，lock a girlfriend down，you end up committing too early。

and then you lose sexual interest，also be aware of，you're losing sexual interest。

because you're craving bread，right，you want to get in，a lot of different experiences。

now you can get that in，with your girlfriend，by spicing up her sex life，your sex life。

but you can also get that in，by being in an open relationship，an open relationship actually。

if done correctly，and with the right girl，can profit the relationship immensely。

and also help your sex life，for your girlfriend，the choice is yours，I'm sorry I didn't give you。

the one size fits all solution，but at this point，you understand the importance of。

thinking for yourself，manning the fuck up，becoming someone，by going through the four becomeings。

and then picking，which one of the solutions，I'm laying out for you here。

is indeed the best one。