# 麦克斯 女朋友游戏【关系管理】【萌萌团队-皮卡内部提供】：麦克斯 女朋友游戏【关系管理】：4.你们关系中的问题：10 她在撩别的男人

Oh no， she's flirting with other men，No！ No！，Oh my god， what do I do？，Herp， to herp， to herp。

 to herp，Now， I'm sorry for making fun of this kind of shit，I have to say here。

 the lines blur around this topic，What you got to realize is the following things，For many girls。

 it's not even seen as flirting，It's just being nice to a stranger，And it's in your head。

We'll talk more about this in a second，Also， for many girls， just being talked to is exciting。

They just like it，They would never even think，Oh， I would cheat on you now。

Because for them it's just， you know， it's exciting，When some other guy shows interest in me。

 herp to herp，The same， you would be excited if some girl would show interest in you。

Even though you have a girlfriend， right？，For many girls， they use it also as a shit test。

And that's normal，Now， about that shit test thing though，However。

 if you feel like it's happening very very very fucking regularly，Like on a daily basis。

That your woman is overly flirtatious with other men just in front of you。

Then it's just another fucking red flag that she's low self-esteem。

That you didn't commit to the right girl，In fact， you committed to the very wrong girl，Fucking run。

 get the fuck out of here， you understand，But every now and then， a high self-esteem girl。

Will also flirt with another man，That is totally okay，That totally happens，And it's here just again。

Just a basic shit test，Don't be fazed by it，Let her do it and have a good time， okay？。

And like I said， lots of it is in your head，For her， it's just like， you know， I was just being nice。

He was asking for fucking directions， I'm sorry，And you could be like，Well， he's lying。

 he wants to fuck you， I know that，Because that's how we think，She wants to fuck you。

Now here's the thing， dude，She knows that shit very well， bro。

She knows that the guy wants to fuck her，But her reaction。

Her reaction makes her pussy fucking dry up，From your beta male fucking behavior， okay？。

Let her do it，Be cool with it，Don't fucking shit talk her， don't shame her，Don't claim her， you know。

 by putting her chode-ass fucking arm around her，That's the chode-est move ever。

Some dude talks to her and you're like，Hey，Like oh my god，It's the chode-est shit ever， man。

Oh my god，Have you ever looked，Like look， I always honestly，First of all， if anything。

 see it as a fucking compliment，Like dude， awesome，My girlfriend's getting hit on， she's hot。

 you know， fucking yeah，But the best way to always react，With this kind of shit is I look at the。

Cliché of the 6'9 Serbian boyfriend，There's a lot of these 6'9 ex-military Serbian boyfriends in Vienna。

That's really funny，There's a lot of Serbian people in Vienna。

Lots of the hottest girls I've ever met are Serbian，Actually。

 I just met a Serbian chick here in Ukraine，That was exceptionally hot because she's half Serbian。

And they always have this like hardcore ex-military 6'9 Serbian boyfriend，Now， you know。

 when I started with this whole pickup thing，I would of course， you know， like see what's possible。

So I would always hit on every girl，No matter if they were there with their parents， their mom。

Or like walking down the street，Or if they were there with the boyfriend in the club。

And it's funny because every time I would approach，Like a regular boyfriend。

The regular beta male boyfriend would always be like，Hey， you know。

 like put his arm demonstratively around her，Or like try to like aim at me out。

Try to tell me to fuck off and shit like that，And I would always be in fact， I would always be。

I would always be flattered because I'm like cool，These guys all see me as competition。

That's kind of great， you know，And it's diminishing his value for his girlfriend， right。

She sees his beta male behavior，But the kind of boyfriend that would never be phased by me。

Would always be the 6'9 hardcore Serbian boyfriend，Literally， those were the nicest guys I've met。

I would like shamelessly hit on their fucking girlfriend，And they would literally like。

They would stand right next to it，With their drink in their hand。

And like a slightly interested watch，Like cool，Uh-huh，All right，Put some cigarette，Smoke some it。

Mm-hmm，And then I would get blown out anyway，And he was never fucking phased by it。

These guys didn't even bother like，Worrying in the slightest sense about me。

For them they're like bruh，Like cool，I mean， yeah， hit on my girlfriend，She's hot， that's great。

But yo， I'm cool with it， dude，There's no way you can do anything，I'm the shit，So again。

 like not being phased by it，It's the best thing to learn from the 6'9。

Serbian ex-military boyfriends，Now I want to give you an example here。

Of how beta male behavior can be，With this kind of shit，When women are flirting with another man。

I had a student of mine，An ex-student of mine，He was doing pretty well。

And then he got in a relationship，With an Instagram model，He got the Instagram model girlfriend。

Probably because of the boot camp，And he was doing well，And then he just completely lost it。

And here's a couple of things，That he said to me，That are completely wrong，That show how beta male。

And unattractive this behavior is，Number one， he said，Max。

 I scored an Instagram model as a girlfriend，And that already says so much。

He came from the wrong mindset of like，He scored one，Like as if he was lucky to get her。

And otherwise wouldn't deserve her，Like nobody scores shit，A real alpha man is like，Yeah man。

 I have this epic，Instagram model chick now，You know， I got this，Not like I scored her。

Jesus fucking Christ，Also he would cry about it because，Well， she's more popular than me，Yeah。

 and you know what，You're low self-esteem，You're much more low self-esteem than her，You should。

Who gives a flying fuck，How popular she is and how popular you are，Again， what is your value。

Representing to her，That is what is key，You know， and then he said，She has all these guys。

Hitting her up on the DMs，Oh my God，How do I stop her，How do I stop these guys from hitting her up。

How do I stop her replying，How do I stop these guys， right，Here's the fucking answer，You don't。

You chill，You let the fact，That it doesn't fucking bother you，Actually work in your favor。

Like the fucking 6'9，Servant boyfriend，This is a concept that we call passive attraction。

You've probably heard about it in the fucking natural。

By her being hit up by all these fucking chokes，And by you not being fazed by it。

What is the communication to her，I'm gonna tell you what the communication is to her。

She will instantly see all the fucking needy fucks，That IG message her，As low value。

And she'll instantly see you as extremely high value，Because you're not fazed by it。

And that is how to react，When she's flirting with other men。