# 麦克斯 女朋友游戏【关系管理】【萌萌团队-皮卡内部提供】：麦克斯 女朋友游戏【关系管理】：3.一夫一妻制：4.三人行

OK！ ThreeSums！ Let's go！ Let's talk about it！，And I have to say。

 I'm gonna assume now that you clicked on this video。

because you wanna have the girl-boy-girl threesome， not the other kind，However。

 some guys actually like seeing their girlfriend being fucked by another guy。

and it's a huge turn on for them，Usually those guys tend to have a very weird story。

But I ain't gonna judge， yo， you know， Max got your back，Lucky you， because both kind of three ways。

 the boy-girl-boy and the girl-boy-girl threesome，They're both going pretty much down in the same way。

So I'm gonna focus on girl-boy-girl here，But the same lessons apply for boy-girl-boy。

If that is what you want，Now， but I ain't judging，Now。

 there's basically three options you can go ahead with the threesome，Now， number one is。

 she brings along another person，Number two is， you bring along another person，Number three。

 the both of you are going out and hunt，All three of them have a lot in common。

So definitely watch the entire chapter if you're only after one of these，Still watch everything here。

Because yeah， they have a lot in common and you can profit from either one，Now。

 let's start with the mindset of having a threesome，Obviously。

 most important thing right off the bat when it comes to mindset is，None， judgment， all the way。

And second of all， it must be based on fun，So many guys。

And this is something I see everybody doing fundamentally wrong。

So many guys try to pressure the girl and the fucking another girl together with them。

And it literally takes away all the fun，There's pressure instead of non-judgment。

And there's pressure instead of fun，Really， think about it like that。

Like you can't have any of those two things，No pressure and you can't have any judgment in there。

I mean fucking， you know， look at it，How did you get to fuck your girlfriend for the first time？。

How did you do that？，Did you successfully pressure into it？，You know。

 you need to have sex with me right now，You know， this is what people do， god damn it。

It's totally fair，Like， give me a break， man，Ask yourself right now。

What state was your girlfriend in when you guys fucked for the first time？。

It was probably something like fun， aroused，It was a spontaneous frame full of good emotions。

It was probably the climax of an epic night out， an epic date， right？，That was probably it，Well。

 there you go，So what makes you the fuck think，You can just be like，Hey， I wanna fuck other girls。

You must do this because otherwise you're not a good girlfriend，What makes you think that is okay？。

Here's the thing too，So that's the mindset，Also， I wanna add to here's the thing too。

Many times girls are very quick in agreeing for the actual threesome，And the guys are like，Oh cool。

 we're gonna have a fuck with the girls，That's it， you know， that's it，And you know。

 now we're gonna do it，But from agreeing to it to actually doing the actual work of fucking another girl。

There's still a long ways in the fucking tween， okay？，You really gotta realize that。

Then also because she agreed，The guy goes full on logic mode。

And is completely neglecting the game part of it，You know， he starts pressuring her。

He tries to be a logic like，So when are we gonna have that threesome， you know？，Like。

 let's schedule it or some bullshit，And it starts to be even more pressure。

Like I said and all this thing，And it just，She will be like，It just doesn't feel like it right now。

 right？，It just doesn't feel right，I don't feel like it，Because there's no gaming in it。

Because for the girl it's always an emotional decision。

It's an emotional decision to have sex with you，So it's just as much an emotional decision。

To have sex with you and another girl，Probably even more，Okay， understand？。

So even if she agrees to it，Take it with a grain of salt，And make sure to game her all the way up。

To the actual threesome，Make it fun，Make it epic，Make it unapologetic，Make it spontaneous， etc。，Okay？

，Many many girls，Actually have fantasies about other girls，I mean look at them，Look at other girls。

A hot girl is just so wonderful to look at，Even for heterosexual women。

Heterosexual women could be like，Okay， this girl is highly attractive， you know？，I mean look at。

Look at us，Who wants to look at another man，Like hairy， disgusting， fat ass， you know？，Like come on。

Like girls want to look at girls，Much more than they look at guys，Even as heterosexuals， you know？。

And also for a girl，Fooling around with another girl，Is totally nothing special。

It has like probably already happened，At some point at least once to the girl，Like ask any girl。

I mentioned earlier，Ask any girl，How many times has she kissed another girl。

Has she ever kissed another girl，Has she ever kissed another girl sober，They almost all say yes。

No matter how Madonna they are， right？，So let's talk about the options， okay？，Option number one。

She brings along another person，She brings along the other girl，Now when that happens。

Congratulations， you know？，You've become so cool，That the girl clearly wants the other girl。

To experience you as well， you know？，If that happens，It's no big deal，Don't freak out，You know。

 please don't start，Like taking pictures，And don't brag about it，It's no big deal，Oh。

 there's two girls，That's great， honey，Cool， yeah， let's have some fun，Remember。

 you're in for a fucking long run，Okay？，And this kind of like immature behavior。

Of like bragging about it，Like selfie and shit，Look at my girlfriend。

It won't make the girls do it again，So you want to have more thiesoms obviously，Not just one， right？。

Again， unless they like it，Unless they're like let's take pictures，And shit like that。

But so just socially calibrate， okay？，Don't be uncalibrated，And if that happens。

Obviously enjoy the ride，Let the girls do their thing，Since she brought her，I assume they， you know。

They kind of get along pretty well already，So they'll probably be busy with each other。

Spike their emotions， right？，To be part of it，You know， many guys think。

Because his girl brought the other girl over，They have it all figured out，Oh， the girls。

The girls are gonna do everything now， you know，So they can just lean back。

It doesn't always need to be like that，It could be that many girls like the fantasy。

Of fucking two other people， you know，But often they become， you know，A little weird。

 a little insecure，When it comes to the actually transitioning，To the sexual practice。

So if you feel that that's happening，Then game them both， you know，You're an advanced player。

Who transitioned into the boyfriend，So you know how to game girls， you know，Game them both。

Tell them how pretty they are，If you feel that they're a little helpless，You know。

 feel free to tell them what to do，Like I love this like，Pervie porn director vibe。

Like really like I go full on pervert，I'm like， okay，You guys kiss each other，Oh my god。

Check out her ass，Let's look at her ass，Yes， bang that，Yeah， like that，Oh yeah， like shit like that。

Go full on pervy director mode，If you，If you feel like it helps the girls。

Because otherwise they're helpless，If they're full on about each other already，Then enjoy the ride。

Join them in，And don't know need to like overly direct things，Okay，Also this applies for all。

All kinds of threesomes，Ideally you start with your girlfriend，If it's weird，If things are weird。

Start making out with your girlfriend，Okay， it makes you more comfortable。

It makes your girlfriend more comfortable，It turns the girl on，Seeing you guys make out。

And then similar to the，To the，How to train your girlfriend chapter。

Use positive reinforcement on both girls，If you want them to further escalate on each other，Right。

 so again，You start with the girl that's very easy，And then you can say she's like，Oh my god。

 I love how everybody's so spontaneous here，Right， I love how we're all just having fun。

And just you know，Enjoying the moment，People should be in the moment like this much more often，Okay。

And yeah，And then you can transition to the other girl，Have them make out with each other，Ecetera。

 etcetera，The details I'm pretty sure you get them，Also what I want to add here is。

Don't ask the girl if she has a boyfriend，And all kinds of shit like，Does she think you know fucking。

Like anything that makes her feel uncomfortable，Don't do it just enjoy the ride，It's not a big deal。

It's wonderful，It's fun，And it's light hearted crazy cool experience，You know do ask her，However。

 what kind of stuff she's into，The big thing here is，If you ask her super nonchalant。

And it's like totally natural way for you，And also totally natural for your girlfriend。

To talk about you know，The feelings that you're feeling，And your preferences，She will feel that also。

You know， she's like，Oh， so so what do you like，So I know my girlfriend loves like。

Licking balls a lot，Like yeah， baby like that，Yeah， I don't like that，I also like it。

Pucked in the ass，Course what do you like，Like if you're both。

You and your girlfriend are very nonchalant，About that，The third girl，The second girl。

The third person，Will also jump on that，And it's just super down，And then you guys can communicate。

And you can give her that experience too，You know，It's basically like，You together。

You're creating this new type of reality，Where all the things，That she's ever dreamed of。

All these kinky little fantasy，They can now become real，They can now become，You know， that's it。

That is your fantasy，They can now become alive，Now let's look at the other option。

You bringing it along，The second girl，Important here，Communication first，Okay。

Don't just fucking show up，With another hoe like，Hey honey，This is the girl，She's like what the fuck。

So what I would do is，How the way I would bring it up，To my girlfriend is，It's micro emotions。

Treat her well obviously，And then tell her about your plans，Like hey I had this plan。

There's this girl，She really likes you，Or she might be down，Blah blah blah，Let's do it that way。

Again make it relatable，Don't be like，I wanna fuck another whore，You know，They'll be like。

No there's this girl，Like it would be super epic，We would like share the girl，And focus on you。

And stuff like that，We can do the thing，That you've always dreamed of，Blah blah blah。

Make it relatable，And make sure she's comfortable with that，And then you can bring it along。

The other girl，Now high self-esteem girls，With a high sex drive，There's a high chance。

She's down after talking，To her about that openly，Okay，With non-apologeticness。

You gotta be non-apologetic，When you come up with that，Not like，Well I really kind of。

Wanna fuck another girl baby，And they'll be like，Yo I wanna fuck this other girl，It's gonna be epic。

Let's do it baby，Yeah，If she's truly high self-esteem，And she has a high sex drive。

Then it's gonna be very very likely，That it actually works，Now，When，You're picking the next。

The second girl，Involve your girl as much as possible，Show her pictures of the other girl。

Tell her about her，Tell her what you like about the girl，This is really key，What attitude she has。

What she does，What you particularly like about her，Don't say shit like，Well she has big tits。

I wanna fuck her，That's not something a girl cares about，Okay，Make it relatable。

Tell her about the girl，Maybe have them call each other，Text each other，Ecetera et cetera。

Add them each other on their Instagram，A friend of mine，My coach actually，If you have the more。

The higher versions of this program，The platinum version，All of my coaches are giving。

High quality relationship manifestos，They're all extremely in detail，You can enjoy them。

And one of my coaches does that，He would invite both girls，On an Instagram group chat。

So they can check out each other，On Instagram，They can like each other's photos。

And they kind of chat back and forth，And then he invites the other chick，To fuck his girlfriend。

 right，And that's really really cool，Again， you can always upgrade，To the higher tier versions。

Of the girlfriend game program，If you don't have that，And maybe we'll add a link here，That shows you。

That you can click on that，And it shows you where you can go，To upgrade that，And so yeah。

So tell her what turns you on，About that girl，And make it relatable for your girl。

And basically include her as much as you can，Include your girlfriend into that。

Process of inviting the other girl，As much as you can，And yeah，So the thing is here。

Often times your girl，Or both girls，Will want to meet on a non pressure meeting first。

And that is totally okay，That is totally okay，If you really think about it，It's the exact same frame。

Under which a regular one on one，Poll date situation usually happens，You know。

You know a girl is not gonna be like，Oh I'm gonna go home and fuck him，She's gonna be like。

Oh I'm just gonna meet him to go shopping，You know for coffee，For drinks，You know。

I'm just gonna do that，And I'm sure as hell often enough，You guys end up fucking。

But that's the premise under which they meet，No pressure all the way，All nice all low key right。

And it's the same with threesomes，Now all good，When they want to meet on a low pressure meeting first。

Get both girls to come，To a casual meeting no problem，Ideally that casual meeting is already at home。

You know drink some wine cook watch a movie，Do whatever the fuck，Or somewhere that is very close。

Like the coffee place，The little bar that is very close to the premises。

So you can pull right away from there，From there，Once the two girls meet。

It's literally like any regular date，But with two girls，So you know spike their emotions。

Establish a non-judgmental frame，Talk very openly，Like live by example。

How non-judgmental you are in your own life，Okay，Then escalate step by step，Pull them first。

If you're not at the sex location yet，Escalate step。

We'll be talking more about pulling in the next one，About how to go hunting together。

Again escalate step by step，Always remember，To keep the good vibes up。

Especially both girls will feel that，If the good vibes are not there。

You gotta keep the good vibes up，Most of the time though，The girls will just be on you know。

One wavelength，They'll have a good time anyway，But you can just facilitate。

Sprinkling some good vibes，And now and then，When you deem it to be necessary，And honestly。

If it doesn't work at the first time，No problem，Like especially when you got the girls。

To make out and turn each other on，And that's，It's very unlikely that it's not gonna happen。

So once they're making out with each other，It's like 99% chance，That you're all gonna end up fucking。

But if it doesn't work for whatever reason，Because one of the girls freaks out，Don't worry about it。

It's not a big deal，You can always go back to that，You can always go with another girl。

Same as any other type of abundance，That is just as much of an abundance as well，Okay。

Now let's talk about the next option here，Which is，You're both going out to hunt。

You and your girlfriend together，A team， dream team，Going to fuck other hoes，Now obviously。

First and foremost，Want you to establish the we frame，Okay，It's not you。

Who's getting to fuck another girl，Which is a very low self-esteem，Bullshit to come from。

It's a wonderful，Fun and adventurous experience，For the two of you as a couple，God damn it， okay。

It's a goddamn fucking lovely，Fucking experience， okay，So don't you think that it's。

You're getting another girl，It's a beautiful fucking lovely experience，Okay， and when you go out。

Game your girlfriend first，Push her into state，She will do most of the work，Once she's in state。

Girls are not good at，Getting themselves in state，Girls are not good at being in the kind of。

Hunting position，But once you get her in state，Once you take that work off her，Once she's in state。

She's gonna do everything natural，Girls are fucking masters in attracting other people。

That's all she does，Being a nice girl，And knowing how to be attractive，That's all she does，Okay。

That's all she knows to do，So give her that，Get her into that space。

Where she's able to full on deploy her female game，Okay，Now again she will not be used to gaming。

So you need to make sure her emotions are spiked，Okay，Make her feel pretty，And all that shit。

You know go dance with her，Let her collect some validation by others，Once she's in that zone。

It's gonna be very very good，She's gonna deploy her female game。

It's a little different from male game，We'll talk more about this in a second。

But get her in that mode，It's your responsibility，Let's talk about screening。

Because not every girl will be down for this shit，And that's cool，It's not like。

Well my girlfriend's really hot，So we're able to get any threesome。

No you gotta fucking screen the shit，Out of every girl you meet。

And make sure she's actually in the girls，Okay，Merge people around，Bring them into different groups。

Your girl will be very likely to screen better than you，Because her social calibration is the bomb。

And that's all a girl does，Because guys come up to her all the time，So she's able to screen the guy。

So when she's able to screen the girl，You can trust her judgment very very well。

What you can do though，When you meet another girl together with your girlfriend，Say shit like。

Oh this is my girlfriend，Do you like her，Do you think she's pretty，Have a make out with each other。

Like if the girl is already，Like if you screen the girl，For being available，A。K。A。

 she doesn't have a boyfriend，If you bring the girl in a position。

Where she doesn't feel judged by her friends，And then she's ready to make out with the girl。

All these are great signs，That she's ready to go home with you，And fuck them，Right。

Now if she's not like，Oh I never kiss girls，I don't do that，Oh my god you're a couple。

Why are you talking to me，That kind of girl，That's not good，That's that like。

That's the screening basically results in like，No she she ain't fucking ready，Okay。

She's not fucking ready，So，You gotta screen the girl，How party girl is she。

Has she ever kissed another girl，How cool is she，With you and your girlfriend，Quote unquote。

Hitting on her，If all that's green light，Then she's good to go。

Let's talk about approaching here in general，If you're approaching with your girlfriend。

This is the way how to do it，Obviously，You first if possible，Okay，Girls smell。

They smell it miles away if you're you know，Sending in your girlfriend。

Because you won't have the balls to approach yourself，You need to fucking approach，Okay。

This is so key，Now if you just send in your girlfriend。

Often times your girlfriend will hook the other girl，Right，And you just like the showed who's。

Like also they're like，Hey I'm her boyfriend，And she's like，Oh who's this boyfriend baiting my cock。

So you need to approach first，Okay，Now what you can do though is，You can go in。

You can approach the girl，You can reach a social hook point，And then get the girlfriend in。

Again like once the girl is like，Okay this guy's a little jaded he's not a creep。

Now you can get in your girlfriend，And that's value fucking explosion，Okay，You can even do that。

If the set is just about to die down，Get the girlfriend in，The social proof。

Will just help the shit out of you，But it doesn't work，If the set is already down。

If the set is already down，And you bring in your girlfriend too late。

The girlfriend will feel the energy dip，And you can't do it that often。

If you continuously bring her into broken sets，Your girlfriend's state will go down as well。

And it won't work，So again，You approach，Reach the social hook point，Let your girlfriend come in then。

Or if you feel like the set，Might be able to die down soon，Get your girlfriend in。

But if the set is already unrescuable down，Don't get your girlfriend in，Instead leave it a high note。

Don't worry about it，And then go talk to other hosts，Okay。

Now let's talk about escalating and pulling，I mentioned a little bit already now。

Girls have killer game，When it comes to spiking emotions，You know once they're in state。

They're super good at that，They're super good at you know，Having a good time yada yada。

But they have no fucking idea，About escalating，Very rarely a girl knows how to escalate。

Because again，A girl's role is always，Passive hoping that the guy escalates。

Giving them a lot of signs，So you need to train your girl，To fucking pull and go for it，Okay。

You need to fucking do that，So when you're pulling the second girl with her。

You need to be like okay baby，I'm gonna suggest the pull，I'm gonna say hey。

You know let's go to the pizza，Let's go home yada yada yada，And you need to agree with me。

We both need to be，The facilitating forces here，I understand that you're not used to be。

The facilitating force as a girl，But when we're pulling a third girl together，Or a second girl。

Then you have to be here with me，Okay you need to be able to fucking make shit happen。

Okay that's how you got to train the girl to do that，And on top of that I would add the。

Tonight doesn't count frame，That's really really key because，Imagine for the next girl。

So for the second girl that you're getting in，It's this magical fairy tale today。

You know whatever happens，Will never really happen again，You know it's especially important。

For that next girl because，Going home with a couple is way way sluttier。

Than going home with just a random guy right，So the frame of today doesn't count。

Tonight is a fairy tale，Can completely destroy any sort of slut shaming，That might come up。

Especially if your girlfriend is trained，Super well in that too。

So again non-judgmental fun all the way，And tonight doesn't count。

It's so crazy one is crazy adventure，Rupti fucking do help the derp，Yeah right。

That's the kind of frame you want to come from，Now when the girl starts，When the new girl。

This is really nice，When the new girl starts conspiring，With your girl against you。

You know they're like slightly teasing you，They're talking to each other，They like like him。

Lean back，You've made it，When they like each other so much，That they're kind of having a good time。

And they're making fun of other people，Including you a little bit，Lean back，You've made it。

They're full on connected，It's highly likely that the new girl，Is gonna go home with you guys。

And let them do it，Don't overly come，Like hey girl，You're respectful，You're respectful，Now lean back。

And just be like yo，Half an hour from now，You're both gonna be sucking my dick。

We're gonna have a fucking good time，We're gonna fuck each other's shit out，Yeah can't wait for that。

Okay so again，That's a good sign，Two girls kind of like conspiring，In a playful manner。

Against you right，Now seat the pool，This is something we talk a lot about，In the natural like。

Oh hey well you know maybe my girlfriend，And I were later，Gonna go grab some pizza。

Gonna listen to some music，Gonna go have drinks at my place，You know we're gonna go。

Drink fucking cocktails，You know yada yada yada，Seat the pool mention it，Keep vibing around。

20 minutes 30 minutes later，Actually go for the pool，Again，Hey guys let's go outside。

Let's go get that pizza now，Let's da da da da，Always let's not like come with us，It's a little weird。

Let us go，Let us do this，All these concepts are explained，In great detail in the natural。

It's the same as pulling a single girl，Okay and as I said，Train your girlfriend to jump。

On the pool immediately，When you say hey guys，Let's go have drinks，Your girlfriend is like。

That's an excellent idea，Yeah let's go right，What it does is，When you and your girlfriend。

Agree to that，It will give the other girl，The feeling of，Oh yeah we're all agreeing on that。

We're all agreeing right，The group decided，So that's the way，You actually go for the pool。

Together with your girlfriend，Now again，This is some really epic stuff，From the natural。

It's a program which I highly，Recommend you getting，Since you'll pull like super。

Consistently with these things，That are in the natural，I just kind of scratched the surface。

Here the natural goes a lot，Deeper on that，In the context of pulling，Any girls in general。

With infield footage，Hidden camera infield footage，And all that，I'm gonna add here。

If you wanna get it，You can get a hundred dollars off，Because you have this program，And this program。

And the natural，And also fearless，We have these three，It's the killer best，Fucking combination。

You could ever get，So I highly recommend it，Now let's talk about，The actual act of fucking。

The other girl together，Again communication first，With your girl，This is really really key。

Like how far is she，You okay to go，How far are you okay to go，Okay my buddy Eddie，And his girlfriend。

They pulled another girl，And you know，They both sucked his dick together。

But she was too uncomfortable，To watch him like pound away，On another pussy。

So you gotta communicate that first，You know，It's out of courtesy，You know hey baby。

You know what are the things，You wanna see me doing，Is there anything you should，We shouldn't do。

Duh duh duh，And again if you treat your girlfriend，Well if she's high self-esteem。

If she has a high sex drive，She's like you know go ahead，Fuck the girl，I wanna fuck her too。

But use condoms yada yada，Okay，So also here FYI，So if she's not okay，With certain things。

Respect it to a degree，Okay you're in for a long run，Let her emotionally adjust，To certain things。

When she's starting out，It's sometimes also，She's a little nervous，She's like what are we gonna do。

Ecetera etcetera，Respect it if she has certain wishes，Like don't fuck without a condom。

Hurt to derp obviously，Okay and again talk about things，Now again rules，Condoms，Blowjobs。

Pussy licking，Whatever the rules are，Set them straight，Also for her if there's anything。

You're worried about，And always，When you're fucking，Always always always，Engage your girlfriend。

So many，I mean，So fucking many girls，I've talked to，About three some experiences that they have。

That they've had in the past，They said like，Oh you know the，My boyfriend just started completely。

Ignoring me and just fucking this other girl，You know again like，A low self-esteem guy。

Would just literally just like，He feels like it's some sort of free pass，To fuck another girl，Again。

Why did I say in the beginning，A threesome is this beautiful wonderful，Together activity。

And the guy was just completely，Ignoring his girlfriend，A fucking other girl。

He's not gonna have a threesome again，He's not in for a fucking long run。

It's completely low self-esteem，Chodiness scarcity thinking，So if you engage your girlfriend。

In the sex as much as possible，She's gonna be psyched about it。

And you guys gonna have way more threesomes，More and more in the future right。

It should always be this together activity，Okay in fact，The first couple times。

When you fuck another girl，With your girlfriend，Just fucking have the other girl。

Work on your girlfriend like，Give your girlfriend，This extremely positive reference experience。

Of fucking together，And for her she'll always end up wanting more，You understand。

You're in for the fucking long run，You're in for the fucking long run。

If you focus on your girlfriend first，She's getting this like pleasurable orgasm。

After orgasm she's always gonna be like，Hey let's have another threesome。

Oh my god let's have more it's so amazing，That way，You can have more threesomes。

And as many as you can handle，That being said，That's how you get a fucking threesome。

I hope you enjoy it，Definitely let us know how it goes。

And GG。