# 麦克斯女朋友游戏【关系管理】【萌萌团队-皮卡内部提供】：麦克斯女朋友游戏【关系管理】：4.你们关系中的问题：9还有一个人！

Oh no， there's another guy。，Oh no， another guy。，What am I gonna do？，Oh my god。，Always remember，。

it's the most classic of classics shit tests，a girl can throw at you ever。，Honestly。

 I think at this point it's hilarious。，Every time I see it， it's hilarious。。

Because at this point again， it's so fucking obvious。，And also both low self-esteem。

and high self-esteem girls will use it。，It's a timeless classic。，It's like Summer of 69 by that guy。。

It's a timeless classic。，Everybody knows it。，Everybody does it。，Summer of 69。，And yeah， like I said。

 both low self-esteem，and high self-esteem girls do it。，Now low self-esteem girls will do it。

on a pretty much fucking daily basis。，It's a wonderful red flag to get the fuck out of that relationship。

，A$AP。，High self-esteem girls will use it occasionally。。

My girlfriend has used it twice in the very long time，that we've been together。，One。

 she did it with this like crossfit guy or whatever the fuck。。

There was like some guy who did like calisthenics at the gym。，And I mentioned that example earlier。。

And she's like，，That guy has really cool exercises。，Look at him。 It's really hot too。，And yeah。

 and the second time she did it like，，Oh baby， I'm really sorry。。

My ex-boyfriend has come to the party too。，Because he's friends with one of my friends。。

It was a nice shit test。，That is just basically， how do you say？，In a wonderfully elegant way，。

she hid that shit test underneath the，，I'm sorry that the guy's coming。，But at the same time，。

she looked at how is Max reacting。，And this is key here。。

How to react when she mentions that there is another guy。，Really key， be aware of your own value。。

And I'm not even talking about the objective value。，Who has a bigger dick？，Who has more money？。

Who's taller？，Who's better looking？，Yada yada yada。。

I'm actually talking about the value that you represent for her。，You know how to make her come。。

The two of you have had wonderful experiences together。，The way you handle her emotions。。

The way you're fucking alpha male。，Like again， that could be the richer guy that's taller，。

better looking， et cetera。，But you just have so much more value for your girlfriend。。

Because you know that。，Because you know how well you handle her。。

How well you're steering that relationship。，So don't worry if the guy has objective better value。。

Doesn't matter。，For the girl， it's the value for her。。

That is by the way also if you watch the chapter on。

when she doesn't want to have a relationship with you。。

Remember what I said here is people have different values，systems。，It's exactly the same story。。

Remember that girl that I said I really wanted her。，But then she chose the mechanic。。

The fucking mechanic guy over me。，It's the same dynamic。。

I objectively speaking have much more value than the guy。，But girls don't care about that。。

They care about the value that the guy has for them。，Okay。，What do I feel like the guy value have？。

Okay。，Understand。，So that is important。，Beware of your own value。。

And also be responsive but not reactive。，By that I mean when she mentions another guy。。

Don't just fully ignore it。，Just acknowledge it like oh cool。，There's another guy。。

But don't let it change your mood。，Not at all。，Don't fucking let it change your mood。。

Don't be fazed by it。，Again girls use that as a shit test。，Oh， there's this guy in the cinema。。

He was really nice。，That's the sky at my work and they will fucking stare。

at you to see how you react。，Don't ignore it because that's a little over，compensation。。

Just acknowledge it。，Like oh yeah， cool。，That's cool。，Oh interesting。。

And if you want to do the most powerful thing ever，on top of that is side with the guy。。

So fucking powerful。，Like this is like literally the cherry on top of it。。

Nothing shows the girl more how much you fucking，own your alpha frame than this。。

So she's like there's this guy at my work。，He's really nice to me。，Herp de derp。，Jealousy， jealousy。

 right？，And you just like yeah， you're right。，He does sound like a totally awesome guy。，Hell man。。

If I was a girl， I'd fucking throw my panties，on this motherfucker all day。。

I would suck his dick for breakfast， man。，I don't give a shit or shit like oh my God， baby。，Like。

 you know， maybe you want to invite this guy，over to like a romantic dinner。，But yo， if you do that。

 make sure you're a really，nice girl and you cook for him and or you pay the，check。，Both examples。

 just random examples。，So you get the gist， right？。

What's the underlying communication behind her test？，Let's look at that。。

The underlying communication behind her test is，basically， yo， boyfriend， how much of a man are，you？。

Are you going to be thrown off by a little competition？。

Whether that competition is actually even real or，not doesn't even matter， right？。

Are you gonna be thrown off by that motherfucker？，More on that， by the way。

 in the how to pass her initial，test chapter and the general shit test chapter as well。。

And what's the underlying communication behind your，reaction？，That is key。，So again。

 once that happens， it matters。，What's the underlying communication behind her。

saying this and what's the underlying communication，behind your reaction？。

The reaction should be something like， oh， there's，another guy。，Ha， that's funny。，Oh， that's cool。。

Yeah， I didn't even realize he's supposed to be，competition。，Like， oh， oh， oh， oh。

 it's supposed to be，competition。，Oh shit。，Oh， I'm sorry。，I'm sorry。，Yeah， oh fuck。，Oh my God。。

I just kind of missed that， right？，But hey， he's probably a cool dude。，So no hard feelings。。

Let's invite him over， right？，Best fucking communication。，Best fucking communication ever， right？。

If you communicate that， you're good to fucking go。，More on that， however。

 in the jealousy chapter as well。，You can look those up。。

So that is how you deal with if there's another fucking，guy。，And if there's another fucking guy。

 where it's like，super serious and the girl thinks like， well， I，really want to be together with him。

 then let her，the fuck go because she's low self-esteem and she，has no power here。。

She has no fucking business being in a relationship，with you and neither do you have business being。

in a relationship with her。。