# 03.麦迪森BOSS【萌萌团队-皮卡内部提供】：核心内容：15障碍免疫

What up， what up，Let's talk about the idea of obstacle immunity，This is what turns me on man。

This turns me on so much，Alright，Obstacle immunity，You want to get turned on by obstacles。

You want your nipples to get rock hard by obstacles，If you're a girl。

You want to get moist from the idea of obstacles，You want obstacles to turn you on，Okay，Now。

Why would that happen，Well guess what，Life is always going to have obstacles。

No matter what you do man，Those obstacles are coming，Everything in life has a cycle。

Because of that reason alone，You have obstacles，Just for that，Okay，Just for that。

So the idea of having an obstacle，Or the idea of having no obstacles，Is not realistic at all。

Let's think about it，There's men，There's women，That's both sides，There's day，There's night。

There's hot，There's cold，There's left，There's right，Everything in the universe has a cycle。

So while things go good now，They will have obstacles，Here's the expression。

Take some money and save it for a rainy day，That's where it comes from，Obstacles。

So now you have obstacles coming up，I want you to get turned on by the idea of an obstacle。

Just the idea of something coming up that's foreign，Something that you're not expecting。

The idea of stepping slowly into the unknown，And you are not sure what exactly you're going to face。

And you're not sure how you're going to go about dealing with it。

But you know that you will deal with it，That's the idea of an obstacle，Think of it，It's like the gym。

First go to the gym，What do you got，Little five pound plastic weights，Yeah。

You pump those and your arms hurt a little bit，But it's a good hurt，Isn't it，It's a good hurt。

Because you know that hurt means you're going to get better。

You know that hurt means that you're going to come back next week。

And you're going to use the seven pound weights，Like a boss，Seven pound weights right。

You know that's going to hurt，And you know that muscle is going to grow again。

You're going to feel those growth pains，You're going to say，I'm going to come back now。

I'm going to get ten pound weights，You come back again。

Ten pound weights and so on and so on and so on，You get better and better and better every single time。

And what I want you to understand about that is that，It happens in reason basically，In reason。

So I think our society is conditioned a lot，Based on studies I've seen social development。

You can see this as well，Just looking around to your own eyes，So general understanding that。

We're in a society that tries to avoid obstacles，We're in a society that tries to just be comfortable。

Everything in your life is designed to be comfortable，Your iPhone，Why you have the new one。

Because the new one promises to be more comfortable，Right，Siri I don't have to type anymore。

I picked up a pen and paper the other day，I was damn near illiterate，I couldn't barely write。

Like the physical motion of writing with a pen，I was like I can barely do it，How do I make cursive。

I can't even do it，I was like that's kind of keyboard type all the time，Which is way faster right。

Our society is conditioned to always make us feel，More comfortable and to go towards comfort。

People are lazy，We are lazy in terms of just surviving，The more lazy we are the better we survive。

Because we want to conserve energy to survive，So these obstacles aren't a bad thing man。

These obstacles are a very very good thing，I want to encourage you to not be afraid of them。

But to jump into them head first，The way I think of it is this，Either A，I love my A B comparisons。

If you haven't noticed right now，Let's do one for example，So either one，You learn how to win。

Either you win or you learn how to win，That's what I say，Okay say it with me。

Either you win or you learn how to win，Because every obstacle。

You're not going to fucking defeat it man，You're not going to defeat that dragon。

The first time you go back and you do it，But you're going to learn how to win。

Because I get value from the idea，That I'm learning that turns me on。

My idea of successes turns me on，My idea of success isn't overcoming the obstacle，It's learning okay。

The other one I say is this，Number two is，You have nothing to lose everything to learn。

You have nothing to lose，As long as you're learning something，You're benefiting from it okay。

You're not losing it's not a failure，When you go through that approach。

And you fail at it you get rejected，Did you learn something，Great continue，You go do that business。

You learn about success and systems，You learn about profit margins，You learn about marketing。

You learn about things that you can do differently，Next time you can advise people even，Did you lose。

No you learn，I was talking about my buddy of mine，I had a Bitcoin company，Lose a million dollars。

A profit of a valuation of a business，And then he's now a huge Bitcoin ambassador。

For a lot of other companies right，He knows so much about it，He also knows about fraud。

He knows about things like that，You know Brandon Carter，Look at the dude like Brandon Carter。

I don't have to speak out a term here，But he's a guy who always talks about。

His dad committed suicide，He's a choice，He's a choice there，Either he just loses on life。

Which is what most people do，At 12 years old or you learn，You learn just do something with it，Right。

So those things are always going to face you，You know that life is going to have。

Those black and white squares，Those black and white steps，Those black and white progressions。

Those good and bad off and on，You got to learn from it，You got to learn from it。

Because otherwise you'll feel meaningless，You'll just feel like you're a monkey，On a fucking rock。

I don't know what you believe，So I'll be like a monkey on a fucking rock，And what's it all mean。

What's it all worth，The idea of learning from it，And getting turned on by obstacles。

Helps you to get through that，And also have an upward progression。

Let's think about the different ways，Of dealing with obstacles，So let's first talk about。

Financial obstacles，What are some ways you can deal，With financial obstacles。

Well let me think about this，If I had a financial obstacle，First way I deal with it。

Is by getting advice from others，That have had financial situations，I'd read a lot of books about it。

Things about Benjamin Franklin or Rami Seti，Which I recommended the books for bosses。

I would surround myself with people，That are financially independent，I'd learn about passive income。

I'd develop a daily ritual，Where I would do finances，For 20 minutes of my day。

Before I leave my house，As part of my waking up ritual，I would be more careful，More cautious。

Not about what to spend，But just to know where I'm spending it，To be more informed。

Every time I went to the bank machine，I would press that button that says，Do you want to receipt。

I wouldn't just turn a blind eye to it，And say I don't want to know，What my financial situation is。

I'd actually read the receipt，I'd be more conservative in my spending，Instead of taking regular Uber。

I'd take an Uber pool，Or take public transit，And leave half an hour earlier。

There's so many things to do，That you could do，If you have obstacles financially。

You can just use these things，To get you off in a better situation。

You can use these obstacles positively，Now let's talk a little bit about。

What are some health obstacles，That you can have，Or how you can deal with it。

If you have health obstacles，You can look for people，That have had the same situation，Go online。

 Google it， learn from others，Try things，You can try，Progressive medicine。

Which is like the natural path，Kind of，You know， either Chinese herbs，Or natural kinds of medicine。

Or you can try more pharmaceutical，Try both， learn from both，You can find people that have been。

In similar situations，You can surround yourself，In environments that you can learn from。

You can also try to fix your health，Through not just physical means，But also mental means。

Maybe spiritual means do help，I don't know，I really don't know，But you can try，You can learn。

You can be progressive about it，Whatever obstacles you have，You can be open to try new things。

And of course，With dating relationships，Well， they say，If you do the same thing。

You get the same result，So do something different，Try something different，Go out for a week。

Instead of opening with words，Open with no words，Go out for a week，Instead of always trying to like。

Pull the girl that you meet，Maybe you should like，Pull all of her friends，Meet everybody。

Go out for a week，Instead of always trying to do，Girls by themselves。

Try to talk to people in a mixed group，Be open to changing your environment。

Be open to surrounding yourself，With others that are better than you，At game and better。

Some that are not as good at you，Be open to pursuing，And paying money for a course。

That you've never paid before，Some of the best guys at game，That I know，I can think of a few。

Very very advanced guys right now，I know，Taking boot camps，They are currently calling me。

To take boot camps，And they are pretty good，They are really really good。

And they are calling me for a boot camp，And I'm like，Ok we are pretty good already。

Just want to advance that right，So it's only for people that are doing bad。

But people that want to progress，And do even better，So what I'm saying to you is this。

Every obstacle that you have，To be progressive about it，Put yourself in an environment。

Where the obstacle，Then becomes a learning habit，Or a learning opportunity。

And you can grow from that，And get better from that，That's what I want for you ok。

So I want you to think about that，In your life right now，Think about a financial area，A health area。

And a personal area，Or you are having some obstacles，And what are some ways。

You can put yourself in an environment，That will automatically，Help you overcome those obstacles。

Most importantly，Most most most most importantly，You learn from them alright，So I want to thank you。

Very much for watching this，You are going to do this，Right，You are going to do this。

You are not just going to watch me，Sit here，So I'd be fucking pissed off。

If you just watch these videos，And you didn't do shit，If you just sat here and watched them。

And went back to your old ways，I'd be so pissed off，I'd come through the camera。

I'd come through your monitor，Or your computer screen，I'd wring your neck，I'd be so pissed off。

And you'd meet me in person，I'd say hey did you do it，And you'd say no。

And I'd kick you out of my seminar，I'm playing around，But I'm kind of serious alright。

So I'll see you very soon，Again ok，Back here again tomorrow，We're going to do this，Keep crushing it。

Keep killing it，I have faith in you，And welcome to the new you。