# 03.麦迪森BOSS【萌萌团队-皮卡内部提供】：奖金：下棋（高清）

Hey man， what's up？，Madison here with Real Social Dynamics，and welcome to the Boss mission， okay？。

So today we're going to talk about the mission，that is for this week。，It's very， very interesting。。

We're here in Prague， the beautiful city of Prague。，Actually in front of one of the power towers。

they have here。，Apparently all the kings and monarchs，would go through this tower。

 through the village，on the way to the castle for their ceremony。，So I thought it would be a very。

 very fitting environment，to talk to you about the idea of chess， okay？，Chess for your game。

 chess for your life，and chess as this week's mission。，Now， I want to talk about the reasons why。

I chose chess， okay？，So first of all， chess is the game that you play，，board game。。

There's different variations of it all around the world。，But this is pretty basic， right？。

Pretty straightforward。，Now， the reason I chose chess is because。

I didn't just think of it out of thin air。，As always， I put a lot of thought。

into why these missions and what these missions mean。，I didn't just pull this out of my ass， okay？。

So the reason I chose chess is this。，I did a lot， a lot， a lot， a lot of research。，A ton of research。

，A shit ton of research as usual。，And what did I find out？，In that research， I found out that。

every single successful entrepreneur， CEO，of the largest companies， at one point or another，。

devoted their time to learning chess， okay？，It's a very articulable skill，and it has many。

 many benefits。，One of the first benefits is，chess teaches you delayed gratification。，Now。

 you can imagine yourself， you know，，you'll say you go out to the field，，you go out to a nightclub，。

you're learning to talk to strangers，，and you have these girls in front of you，。

and you maybe think you should wait for the kiss，，but for some reason， bam，。

you just have to go for it right at that moment。，You can't even wait until you get home。

to maybe make that move，or whatever the move is， right？，Now， I'm not saying you should kiss。

always outside the nightclub。，Sometimes you should kiss inside of it。，It varies。，You know。

 depending on situation。，But let's say in that particular moment，，you knew you should have waited。。

That is called delayed gratification。，If you have money，and you don't want to spend it，。

you want to save it，，or for some reason， every time，you walk out the house，。

the money burns a hole in your pocket，and you spend it，，that is bad delayed gratification。。

So chess is one of these things，that teach you delayed gratification。。

What it also does is teaches you skill， okay？，Teaches you skill。。

I'm getting bumped by Asian tourists，as I'm kind of walking through here。。

Teaches you the skill of strategy。，Now， you might have heard that book，，The Art of War，，very。

very classic book，，which says know your terrain，to understand people，。

to understand if you're going to win，the war or not。，So you're not just trying to。

attack what's in front of you。，You're trying to think long-term strategy。

and what does that look like。，For example， right？，For example，，while you're doing pickup， again，。

or while you're pursuing a career in life，or a promotion in your career，。

you're going to be thinking about，what is my end goal here？，What is the quote， unquote big game？。

What is the larger picture，that I'm trying to go after？，And how does that affect me？。

How does that affect what I'm doing right now，in this very moment，versus what I want to do。

long-term in the future？，So you got to think big picture。，What is the terrain？。

Get to know your terrain。，Get to know people。，Get to know their habits。。

Get to know their thought patterns。，So chess is going to teach you all that。。

It's going to teach you people，，their habits，，and their thought patterns， right？。

You're going to look at who you're playing with，and you're going to think to yourself。

as we turn around here，，you're going to look at who you're playing with。

and you're going to think to yourself，，actually let's go that way， yeah。。

We're looking at who you're playing with。，You're going to think to yourself，。

is this a person that has short temper？，Is this a person that has a long reaction time？。

Is this a rational person？，So you're going to look at not just yourself，。

but you're going to use your awareness skills，that you've been developing so far。

to understand who you're playing against，，who you're interacting with。。

Because success isn't just yourself，，it's also who you're interacting with， correct？，Now。

 one other thing，that it's also going to help you out with，is going to also be this idea。

of management of your own emotions。，A lot of guys said，，Madison， yo， I picked a boss。。

It's fucking sick。，Now what do I do with it？，How do I find opportunities。

for you to express this inner game，that I'm having？，And managing your emotions。

is definitely one of these things，that allow you to do that， right？，But what's the opportunity？。

Chess。，You're going to say， hey，，you have a moment where your rational brain。

comes out with your irrational brain。，They're head to head。，And you're going to say，。

do I want to battle it out，and make the wrong move now？，Or are my emotions more calm and relaxed。

and I trusted myself in the process，and then make the right move later on？，Okay？。

It's one of these things，that are just priceless。，Kings， queens， monarchs。

have been doing it for centuries。，It's really just amazing。，It'll change your results of everything。。

It allows you to access，kind of like almost like another dimension of thought。。

It allows you to be able to say，，hey， myself as a person，，I'm not perfect。。

I'm going to work in progress，，but I'm going to do the best that I can right now。。

Chess also teaches you，to think about moments of adversity， right？，So those are moments where。

you might lose one of your major chess pieces，and you got to struggle。，You got to hustle to survive。。

Now do you get into a defensive mode，and just try to hang on？。

Or are you still going to try to stalemate，and， you know， get that king。

and corner him so he can't move？，Even though you're at a weakness， a deficit。。

So it's ultimately the game of life。，You know， when you think about doing。

any kind of pick up or self-development，，you don't really want to be thinking about。

the idea of checkers。，Life is not about checkers。，Not like one shot， one kill，，one shot， one kill。

 one move， one kill。，That's not the idea of life。，It's not checkers， okay？，Life is chess。。

It is chess。，It's a long-term game strategy。，You're going to take some losses。。

You're going to get some wins， right？，That's Ws for wins。，And you got to keep on。。

You got to keep moving。，So it teaches you how to pace yourself，and look at the big picture。

 all right？，So your mission for this week，is I want you to engage in one or two，，if you can。

 and this is really hard sometimes，，one or two chess sessions。，I say it might be hard because。

sometimes it's hard to find a person，that could actually play with you， right？。

So you'd have to do it online。，I prefer you do it in person rather than online。

because in person gives you，like a different type of effect。，In person gives you the ability。

to look at the person in your eyes，you're playing with and have that relation。

that back and forth relation， right？，So I prefer you do it in person。，Now we can stop here as well。。

When you do it in person，，it's going to allow you to have that human connection。

that this is all about。，You want to learn about that stuff。，Now one or two chess sessions。。

If you've never played chess before，，I recommend you join a chess group or find one。，Once again。

 meetup。com， as I always say。，You can go on there， download the app，，or go to the website，。

and find somebody that's playing chess，，and you can join them and play chess along with them。。

If you do know somebody，，just give them a call。，Say， hey， let's go for a coffee。，Let's grab a drink。。

Let's play a game or two， okay？，And as you're playing，，and when you lose，，I want you to not be upset。

about the fact that you're losing。，I want you to appreciate the fact。

that you're learning even though you're losing， okay？，Become appreciative of that fact。

that you're learning even though you're losing。，And now once you do this mission，。

what I want you to do is post your feedback，，post your comments， post your experiences，。

post what you've learned about yourself，as you're playing this。。

What did you learn as you're playing this？，Ask yourself。，What did you learn？，What did you experience？

，What did you go through？，What did you see？，What did you feel？，What did you hear？。

As you're going through this， okay？，Ask yourself these questions，。

and then post them into the Boss group，，the application on the phone，。

or post them to the Boss Facebook group，，and I'll go ahead and answer those for you， okay？。

I'll go ahead and respond back to them，，and engage in a little conversation，，and see， you know。

 talk to you guys about what you've learned， okay？，Every single one of you guys that do the mission，。

I will respond to。，At least， hey man， good job。，If not more， in-depth conversation， okay？。

So that's it。，That's all。，Thank you very much for watching。，And I look forward to your progress。。

See you at the top。。