# 03.麦迪森BOSS【萌萌团队-皮卡内部提供】：核心内容：14想法&执行力

Execution，我醒來夢醒，思考，想想，生活，呼吸，擔心，計劃，計劃，Execution，Every asshole has an idea。

Everybody has an asshole has an idea，I can totally be the best restaurant，I can do better。

This restaurant sucks，Why does the subway have this turnstile thing like this。

If I was in the subway guy I would do better，Look at the city so much construction。

Why can't they do construction better，So many potholes，Everybody's got an idea of it，Everybody。

But it really comes down to the execution of the idea，Because everybody has an opinion。

Myself personally I'm going to tell you a crazy story，I invented the debit machine that's mobile。

It comes to your front door，Not the square payment one。

But the one that you get when the pizza guy comes，And he's asking for your debit card or your credit card。

So I went to a company，One of the larger companies in the states，And I had this idea。

And I wrote up the paperwork for it，We did it，I was about to patent it，But I couldn't patent it。

Because I didn't have a working prototype，So the working prototype was very important for the patent。

Because without a working prototype，It's just an idea，Essentially there's no execution in it。

So I lost that，It would have been maybe almost billionaire，Multi-millionaire。

Instead of hundreds thousandaire，Hundreds thousandaire or whatever，I don't know，So that's what it is。

And it's so key，It's all about execution man，It's all about execution。

You think about the greatest basketball teams，Phil Jackson，Man what do you have，What's that。

It's not the rock，It's triangle offense，Michael Pippen，Grant，Triangle offense or Michael Pippen。

Steve Kerr，All these guys，It's all about the execution，The championship teams execute。

They execute when they're winning，And they also have an execution plan，When they're losing。

So you probably know what you would do，If you were fucking killing it，You're like if I'm killing it。

I'd execute so well man，I'd just slay it，What's your plan for when you suck，We ask you that。

How do you get back on track when you suck，When you are out of shape，How do you condition yourself。

So you're around a lot of people that support you，How do you make it so that you get up。

And you just stretch in your bedroom，One of the things I do a lot is。

Like that's from the Heaven Pagan program，Get altitude I think or wake up productive。

I would just have a morning ritual，I'd literally roll out of the bed。

With pee to the against my alarm clock，Yelling at me，I got faith，I believe myself more than God。

Roll to bed，Do push ups，Do crunches，Do I think planks for like，I don't know 30 seconds each。

Then brush teeth shower，Instantly go for a run，Or go for a brush teeth shower。

Come back fruit smoothie，That's it，And read a book，Read an audio book for 20 minutes。

You can also incorporate，Your financial relationship，20 minutes of finances in the morning。

Before you actually head out of your house，So what's your plan for when you're sucking。

That was my plan，Got back right on point，Killing it，So it's all about the execution。

Not just when things are going well，But also when things aren't going so well。

What is your execution with yourself，So with execution，It's all about the finish line。

It's only about passing the finish line，It's not even about the finish line at all。

It's about passing it，Like literally passing the finish line，Everything you do before is useless。

Useless，You ever hear this expression，Jack of all trades with a master of none，Very old expression。

Just means that you are so good，At so many different things，But you can't master anything。

You can't finish well，It's all about the finish，It's a lot like kung fu or anything like that。

Or any kind of martial arts，That you hurt yourself，If you don't fully extend through it。

Through the brick or the board，When you're breaking it，Just doing half way，It hurts you。

So it's about passing the finish line，Because you don't see the results in an area。

Until you actually pass it，Nobody cares if you don't pass the degree。

Unless you go to a job in another area，And you do better，Nobody cares if you almost got the girl。

Nobody cares if you almost，Went to the gym，Nobody cares if you almost got that。

Vanguard index 500 investment，Nobody cares man，Nobody cares，But your mom，Your mom cares a little bit。

But even not that much，Your mom wants you to be successful，She also wants you to be home with her。

So nobody really cares，The execution is all about passing the finish line。

I'm going to give you some great examples，I know a friend of mine，A buddy of mine。

He actually used to be a music partner of mine，A music friend of mine。

And lived in my house for a bit，This guy was amazing，Amazing。

Probably the best music producer in Canada，When it came to urban music。

That I've ever met in my entire life，He actually was amazingly good。

He's so good that I've never met anybody better since then，Okay，He's a natural talent，Natural talent。

He'd sit there and just make amazing music，You've never heard of，People would literally come and ask。

If they could invest money into him，Because he was so good，It just sounded magical。

But the challenge was he couldn't finish，He would start his musical projects。

And then he would never put them out，Never ever ever ever put them out，Because he never put them out。

Not a lot happened，People respected him when they came，Listen to his stuff，But he never put them out。

Maybe he got two pieces of music out，In two or three or three or four years。

When I say pieces I mean songs，That was it，Now when you're on the flip side。

When you compare it to a guy like little Wayne，Which actually is kind of funny。

Here you're gonna hear the story，A guy like little Wayne，Was just putting out music。

Putting out music，Putting out music，And that's the guy who got really good at executing。

So that he would just have better stuff to do，Now the funny thing with my friend，With the music。

This guy，He actually was in a group with Drake，I won't even mention the name of the group。

Because then you can research it，But he was in a group with Drake，Several years ago。

Before Drake blew up，And part of the thing was，He didn't want him singing on the songs。

And Drake wanted him to sing，So they had to fall out，Because Drake was about executing something。

And getting it out，He wasn't into that，So the funny thing is that。

He ended up going with little Wayne，Who was in the habit of executing new things。

So you can see how that triangle worked out，You might know some musicians，Some artists。

Some people that want to start businesses，Fail fast，They'll stay current as the expression goes。

Learn fast，Like lean startup style，The more you fail，The faster you fail，The more you learn。

That's a good thing，So you want to get in the habit of executing。

Even if you don't understand everything fully，You execute，But you don't want to execute。

At a point where，You're executing so hard，That you can't recuperate when you fuck up。

You still want to be able to allow yourself，To fuck up every once in a while。

And you don't just go bankrupt，Or mess your whole life up，You don't pass that。

The idea is that you do want to keep executing，When the opportunity strikes。

Because man life is so short，Life is so short，Another thing with executing is。

You don't want to get in the habit of，False executing，Because the mind is crazy man。

The way the mind works，Is that you can feel like you're executing，But you're not actually executing。

Give you some examples here okay，So part of being an RSC instructor，Is all we'll look at，Your video。

Your video log，Are you putting out videos regularly，It's a very very hard thing to do。

And a lot of people will make videos，And not put them out，Because they don't want to get judged。

By other people，They don't want to，You know whatever the reason is，The perfectionist。

You just got to do it，Just put them out，Just put them out，Hustle hustle hustle，Crush it crush it。

Put them out put them out，Alright，Think of a really really，Pretty girl that you know，Alright。

Think of a pretty girl that you know，Think of a few，And think about their Instagram page。

Or their Facebook page，Now if you're thinking about it，There's a little small box。

That says the description，And I bet it says，CEO of myself，Or it could say，CEO of Makeup Artist Inc。

When you know she works at Sephora，Or it could say that，She is you know。

Having some sort of career ambition，And you know that it's，Grossly exaggerated right。

Founder of blah blah blah blah media，When you know she doesn't even have a，Macbook Pro。

I think that happens，Because as your brains get wired，For dopamine we get so much reinforcement。

For feeling good and positive emotions，We tend to almost feel，We almost feel like we have。

That success already，We almost feel like it's there，We almost feel like we're executing。

So this is the crazy thing man，You can get high off the feeling，Of that you are maybe executing。

When you're not，Like I'm executing，You know sit there like，Yeah I'm executing。

There's gonna be times where like，We could do a photo shoot for Boss。

And I feel like I'm recording Boss，But we're not，Recording Boss is recording Boss，Alright。

There's times we make a phone call，That was a very productive phone call。

That was a really good meeting，Good business meeting，We talked about the issues。

Good business meeting，And then everybody walks out，Of the business meeting，With no actionable items。

Alright you have to have every，Similar idea in the meeting，It has to have an action item。

And it has to be assigned to someone，Or else it doesn't happen，So you wanna be wary of the idea。

Or the cautionary tale，Of feeling like you're executing，Because it's very easy to feel like it。

When you're actually not，You wanna get hooked，Just on straight up execution。

The execution is the reward，The work is the reward，Not the feeling of executing，The actual executing。

So what is your homework for the day，Very simple，Execute，Execute， execute， execute， execute，Execute。

 execute，I want you to think of three things，That's three，Three things that you've been putting off。

Three things you've been putting off，Okay，Now I want you to do the first one，Right now，Right now。

If it's a phone call，If it's an appointment with a doctor，Or a government office，Do it right now。

Okay if the government's closed，And obviously you do first thing in the morning。

But think of another one，You can do it right now，Right away，Execute it right now，Something you know。

How tangible result，In your life you've been putting off，And the next two things。

I want you to do early in the morning，The next three days，Okay so day number two。

You put it up middle finger，Day number two，You start the day，You do the first thing in the morning。

Before you leave your house，You do this thing，First thing is you wake up，You roll over to the phone。

Go to your computer，You do it，Day number three，I want you to do the same thing。

As soon as you wake up，This is a principle by Brian Tracy，Called eat the frog。

Which means that you do，The hardest thing，The first time of the day，Because that's when you have。

Your willpower to do it，Okay so I want you to wake up，And eat that disgusting frog。

Execute that thing，That you know you need to do，First thing in the morning。

Okay for the next three days，Do one right now，And then do another one tomorrow。

And another one after that，Alright so execute that frog，Eat the frog，Which is execution。

And I'll see you in a little bit。