# 03.麦迪森BOSS【萌萌团队-皮卡内部提供】：核心内容：30技术力学-意图和疲劳

這個早就開始了，搶 disto，想重量，當然不 acrylic，那種風格，車 diferite，沒有，有，就很少，我們說日子，週末，週末，還早，這是 outbreak，我讓他來，表 eg。

你覺得有什麼感受到承諾？，OK，大概20%，好，我會解釋，任何時候你心裡有一個意見，你有意見去做什麼，有意見去跟女生聊天，有意見去表達自己，這是一個意見，我們都有意見，現在你有意見去坐下來聽。

有意見去拿筆記，有意見去拿點食物，我會作為一個話題的主持人，跟你們分享和教導，這是我的意見，這是我們唯一的意見嗎？，不，我們有其他意見，你可能有意見去洗手間，你可能有意見去學習。

我可能有意見去做一個很好的說話，但也要確保我不會把說話搞砸，所以我可能有意見，不想把自己嚇壞了，有很多意見，當你跟女生聊天，你有意見去跟她聊天，你有意見去跟她聊天，你會不去跟她聊天，你會不去跟她聊天。

你會不去跟她聊天，你會不去跟她聊天，你會不去跟她聊天，你會不會找到 Voyант Extra，有意見去了，我想也有意見，想要跟她聊天，我話總是差不多，但是我覺得，永遠都要特別弱，如果我有 чего做。

如果我錯了，或是完蛋了，這樣呢， previously，沒問題，我只是告訴她，如果我有意意，能讓她覺得無意志，最後，Hey guys， welcome to Vegas Summit。

I appreciate you guys being here，That was stupid， I'm sorry， that was stupid，I messed that up。

Are you guys judging me？，Oh shit， you guys are probably judging me right now，Okay，I'm judging myself。

I'm actually getting my head for real，Okay， that's my intent，Fucked up， I can't do it。

Now my intent is just to share with you guys，Like like，Hey， what's up guys。

Welcome to RSD World Summit in Vegas，Thank you for being here，We have a fucking good time。

We rock it tonight， alright，So do you hear the vision of my voice。

When I block out those negative intents，I just cut them off to the side，Not to have them。

I just push them to the side，Meditation helps with that a lot by the way。

Meditation helps you to block out noise，Just not judge the noise in your head。

So if you don't meditate， I recommend you do，Definitely download an app called Headspace。

The best meditation app I've ever used， okay，I think I have like half of RSD on Headspace now。

I should get an affiliate link for that shit， man，Damn， after this goes live。

Headspace is gonna blow up，Shit， go to boss。rsdmadison。com，And click on that Headspace link，Nah， me。

Alright， so you have intents，Next thing is even though you have those intents。

You also have some fatigues going on in your mind，So the three fatigues are，Judgment fatigue。

 persona fatigue，And decision making fatigue，There's actually more than，There's actually a fourth。

Which I call identity fatigue，Now I'll get into that in a bit。

So judgment fatigue is you're wondering，If people are gonna judge you，Here I am doing an approach。

Are you actually judging yourself，Am I gonna be good enough，Am I gonna fit in，Am I cool enough。

Is this the right word，Does my hair look good，Am I wearing my right clothes，Does my gel look good。

Do I have the right thing，Am I voice synality good，Am I smell like deodorant。

Has she been approached today，Like judge， judge， judge， judge， judge，Stepping on your brain。

You're stepping on your brain，Crushing your intents，The next one that's gonna kill your intent。

Is gonna be persona fatigue，That's where you're worried about，What other people think of you。

Is she out of my league，I've never had a girl like that before。

Most guys can't walk up to a stunning girl，And keep their cool。

Because they're doing judgment or persona fatigue，In their minds themselves，It wears them down， okay。

Wears them down，You can't keep your cool，If you're just judging yourself all the time。

A lot of times on boot camp too，I'll send a guy，I'll send him to do the approach，He like comes back。

I'm like how was that，He's like well you know，I guess it was okay，I'm like no motherfucker。

It was a hundred out of ten，Who the fuck would have had the balls to do that，A hundred out of ten。

You did it，Nobody does that sober，You did it，Well I guess no，I slap him on the back of the head。

Get pissed off，Not really，So that's，He's judging himself，He's in a pattern of judging himself。

You wanna get out of this pattern，Of judging yourself， okay。

And the last one is decision making fatigue，Where you see the girl，And you wanna approach her。

But you're like，I don't know，I should，Hey，What does that do to your intent，Shout it out guys。

What does that do to your intent，Kills it yeah，It's because your intent's like。

Woo woo woo woo woo woo woo，Bing，At the end，It's like，Woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo。

You can't have a strong intent after that，Your intent's all fucked up，It's all spineless。

It's all pussyfooting around，You can't have a good intent after that。

And the last one is identity fatigue，Where you're like，The story of me。

The story of me up until this time，In my point in life，I've had this story，I'm not that person。

I don't do that，I'm not that person，To be perfectly honest，Game is actually really fucking simple。

It's pretty basic，You guys can learn，You will learn everything in game today。

I will teach you everything in game today，And what will happen is，You won't be able to let go of it。

Because you're holding on to your old identity，You're essentially like Neo in the Matrix，You're like。

You're plugged into the Matrix，You don't want to let go，Jeffrey has a great analogy。

He says game is like，For us as instructors，We're with students，And we're trying to get to like。

Fly around with us，Like fly around，Like you can fly，It's okay，Just let go，Be free，Be free like us。

Fly，And the students like holding on to the cliff，And like no，No，I'm not like，I'm not gonna fall。

I'm gonna die，Let go，Like no no，Let go，It's okay，Come fly with us，It's safe，Like no no。

And then we're like，Step on their fingers，Like let go，And they're like。

Finally holding on to one finger，And then they let go，Like，Fly，Oh，Wait I can fly，Oh yeah。

What the fuck was I afraid of，This whole time，I'm fucking，Tinkerbell and shit，Right。

Tinkerbell and shit，Tinkerbell is this bitch，RSC Tinkerbell，Okay，So that's what happens。

You eventually learn to let go of your identity，Your identity is the only thing。

That's holding you back，How hard is it to walk up to a girl，And say hello，Here's a two。

Hey what's up how's it going，How relaxed with that，Here's a nine，Yeah hey what's up how's it going。

Yeah yeah yeah，Here's a，Sofia Figuera，Hola，How's it going，Right。

But then you have this identity of your story，Like I can't do that with that girl。

I've always wanted to go on your mind，And kill your intent，So your channels of communication。

Are not clear，That's what happens，You want to get rid of these，Just fucking block them out for now。

But do things like meditation，Eat green，You know go to。

Cut out as much high fructose corn syrup as you can，Eat some free range organic shit。

That'll help clear it up，I think diet does about 15%，Of actually clearing up your。

Yeah about 15% of actually clearing up your，Your fatigues，Be perfectly honest，And good sleep。

Good sleep in a dark room，Maybe earplugs，Eye mask all that shit，Alright，Stop judging yourself ok。

Stop worrying about what people think of you，Girl with boyfriend they don't care。

I jump high for you doesn't care，I give you a hand off in the club，They don't care，Nobody cares。

They're only worried about themselves，They're only concerned about themselves，People think of them。

How do they look，They want to be you，They want to be the person that。

Isn't concerned about what they look like，They want to be the person。

That isn't concerned about anything，They don't care about what people think of them。

They want to be free，The fact that we're doing this，And I'm humping you。

Means we're more free than them，They're actually jealous，She wasn't like，Ugh，Bro she was like，Wow。

Who are these guys，That's why I say，We go to a girl who has a boyfriend also，Walk up to you and say。

We're here a girl with a guy，You can go in and nothing's gonna happen，Nothing's gonna happen at all。

Because，It just shows that，You don't care，You're the most great，It's not what they call you're cool。

How'd you get a girl like this，It's really hot，How'd I get a girl like this。

It's like compliment to the guy，They set things for her hard or not hard，Guys are always like。

Oh take it to the step，It's over the table，No just go over to the table，Yay，That's it。

How hard is it to do this，That's how you open a refrigerator door，That's it，It's all in our mind。

We make it hard，How hard is it to say hi to a girl or a boy，Sat fat hello。

How hard is it to do a movie set，Not very hard watch，Sat fat，Oh my goodness there's a boyfriend。

Oh my god，Nobody cares，If you're like，Hey baby，And you impede the girl's face。

Then yes the guy will get the fence，And protect the girl，As long as you're having fun。

And smiling and laughing，And the girl's having fun，And smiling and laughing，Nobody cares。

Dress yourself less，Dress yourself，Look look at this，Look look，Are we，Oh they don't care。

They don't care，Wow she really doesn't care，Sorry bro she doesn't care very much，Nobody cares。

Let go of it，Let go man，Let go，Right now you're hanging on to this clip，You're like，Ugh。

Ugh I gotta hang on，I gotta hang on，You let go you float，Let go of the clip you float。

You don't sink to the bottom of the ocean，You actually just float，There's nothing to hold on to。

Let go，You're hot dude，Like people are not against you，They're actually for you。

Remember that competitive versus collaborative，Yeah，It's just like that，When you go up to a girl。

And you're like a guy and a girl，And you're like hey she feels hot，What do I get when I do this。

It means they're gonna be against you，It means they're gonna collaborate with you。

Because they're bringing like，Appreciation to the girl that you chose，And the girl feels pretty。

And you're big and you have a huge little goal，When you see like，When you see like，What was it。

You know this is really，You said it was hard，What was it，I don't remember，Hot。

You wanna show us hard work，Oh mixed set，Okay，This is mixed set，And then I'm like going to mixed set。

And it's like，All it takes is like，Tap tap hey nice to meet you。

Because people that are in a mixed set，Believe it or not，They go out to be social，I think about it。

If they wanted to not be social，They would stay home alone，And they're like。

I'm gonna go out in a group，I wanna be with people，I wanna be social，So people are gonna be social。

They're like oh yeah，That's what I'm here for，That's what they're here for，To be social。

So it's all in our mind，We build up things like，We build up stories，Stories about sex。

Stories that don't even exist，The reality of it is，Everybody's gonna collaborate。

The club is your friend，Everybody's your friend，So they can reach you otherwise，But。

Go in the group and they are your club，You're going to，Go in and assume the story。

That they will be your friend，That's the positive part，That's what we wanna do，I mean。

Everybody's gonna collaborate，Everybody's here for the time，Everybody's gonna be your friend。

And you can get what you want to assume，So I'm happy that lesson，Like stuck in your mind。

That's like really dope，That's a very big lesson to learn，That lesson took me like。

Three years to learn，And when I learned it，Results took off man，I was like wait a second。

I had to go and like，Wipe the girl like，Oh my god，There we go，I was like you wipe her。

No worries like，Wipe the girl，Yeah we were like，Collaborate with them，When you told me to just like。

Go ahead，What are you feeling right now，Like yeah I gotta feel like it's my chance。

Yeah just go ahead，Tell that girl you're anxious，Yeah，Hey you know。

Just the fact that she gave me a hug，That the love，The love that was in the car，Yeah。

Believe it or not people aren't against you，That's how they start wars right，They're like。

You know the Mexicans are against you，Alright go，How about this，The Cubans are against you。

The Cubans want to。。。，No they're not against you，They're trying to survive。

The Americans are against you，The Japanese are，The Japanese are trying to survive。

I don't know the history of every single war，I'm not like that，War is put by enemies。

By enemies at all，I don't tell anything，The Native American wars，The American wars。

But that's how they start wars，Everybody's against each other，When you realize。

The Indians aren't against you，They're just all trying to do the best they can。

You know what I'm saying，They're all trying to do good for each other。

All trying to do the best they can，So collaborate it，Collaborate，Not compete collaborate，Okay。

Add your，It's not your fun against their fun，It's your fun plus their fun。

Equals like double the fun squared，I mean。