# 03.麦迪森BOSS【萌萌团队-皮卡内部提供】：核心内容：64BOSS百万富翁访谈-弗兰克访谈

Hey， what's up， what's up？ Madison here， Real Social Dynamics。，And you're in for a special treat。。

Today， this is part of the Boss bonus videos。，Okay。

 so these are the videos that come along with the Boss program。。

So part of the program is the pick-up part， of course。，Other part is the self-development。。

But I also want you to be associated with people that I am associated with。。

The people that I've learned a lot from， you know。。

I think mutual beneficial relationships are all about learning from people。。

And also you teach people stuff， right？，So I want you to have a social circle with this program。。

As you go through this program day by day and week by week，，you're spending time with me。。

But you're also， I want you to spend time with people that I spend time with， right？。

Maybe you're from， as Luke would say， the bumfucked town of Wichita。。

And you don't really have the opportunity to get out of Wichita at the moment。

and spend time with people that you would want to。。

So while you're checking with me here in these videos，，it gives you the opportunity to take time。。

We got a dog in the background。，It gives you the opportunity to take time。。

And he'll probably jump in the shot in a bit。，It gives you the opportunity to take time and chat with us。

and spend time with us almost like we're your friends，and we're in your social circle。。

Because guess what？，We really are your friends。，We're your only friends。，I'm just kidding。，All right。

，So today you're in for a special treat。，I'm here with Frank， a buddy of mine。。

He's the guy that I've met three years ago。，Three years ago， yeah。，Okay。，We met on just。

 I see him around a lot randomly。，I think I met him actually in the back seat of a car。。

As a random place with Max。，Yeah， as a Max。，We went out with Max。。

I met him in the back seat of a car。，And as I came to know more about him，。

I just thought he was a very interesting person。，So Frank。

 he'll tell you a little bit more about himself，，but some of his major accomplishments so far。

is that he has a company that's doing very， very well。，It's， I guess you would say。

 one of the top 100？，Yeah， one of the top 30 fastest growing companies in Canada。。

We've got 40 employees or so。，We've really been growing a lot in the last five years。。

And it's just a job that， or an occupation，，a company that just allows me to live a lifestyle。

that I really enjoy。，I get to spend a lot of time with my family，，with my friends。

work on myself a lot。，So it's just cultivating kind of like a lifestyle。

and having that company that allows you，to pursue other things。，Cool。。

And one of the coolest things about Frank too，is not even like， it's the company， right？。

So I found out about the company later on，，but I noticed that Frank is very particular。

in the way that he does things。，He's very， very particular and thoughtful。。

Everything he does is thought through methodically，as a process before he executes it。。

My buddy Dan is behind the camera right now too。，And Dan kind of has his quality as well now，。

where Dan's like， we call him steady and reliable。，He's like steady， he doesn't like it。。

But he's steady and reliable。，He does stuff and he's very excited about it。。

And like he processes the stuff in a certain way。，And that's one of the qualities that I noticed Frank had。

，And then I learned about you and your company，only like， I don't know， like later on，。

like maybe like eight months or a year later。，And it made sense。。

And I noticed anybody who was successful in life，or in certain areas had those qualities。，You know？。

So yeah， we'll just crack into it。，Just pass it back and forth。，There's a little chat here。。

Can you tell me a little bit about like your upbringing？，So you know， you're here right now。。

I guess we're like mid thirties。，That's the age we're going for at mid thirties。，Okay。，Mid thirties。

 the age you're going for。，Okay， cool。，Mid thirties。，And so before any of this stuff happened，。

it happened to you later in life，，but there was a process that happened。，Like the origin story。

 like Batman almost， right？，Like the origin story。，What was the upbringing？。

What were the beliefs that parents told you，or things you saw when you were growing up。

that kind of made you say，，uh， you know， I'm here right now，。

but there's a level of success that I want to achieve，that's higher or something I want to get to。

or I think I can do more。，And also that like，，also would be like the turning point。。

So it's kind of like the whole upbringing，and turning points。，Really。

 it was a pretty regular upbringing。，I mean， I grew up just outside of Toronto here，in the suburbs。。

My parents worked。，My mom is like administrative assistant。。

My dad works in industrial sales and service。，So pretty， you know， pretty regular jobs。。

They instilled in this kind of like work ethic，where it was， you know， kind of take the safe route。

in life。，And it's kind of the opposite of what I ended up doing。，But they're all about， you know。

 stability，and， you know， doing well in school，and getting a higher education，。

which were good things to do。，But then later on，，I decided， you know， I should， you know，。

take some risks as well。，The one thing in terms of schooling，that it was funny that my mom and dad。

both instilled in me or more so my mom was，，you're doing it for yourself。。

Like don't try to impress us。，It's different。，So the one thing was I'd come home。

like from high school with，，I remember it was like， I don't know，，my report card was like 90 or 92。。

And I was like， mom， look at this。，I'm so excited。，Like I got these great marks。，And she's like。

 so what？，She's like， why are you trying to impress us？，Why are you trying to show us？。

Like you should be doing this for yourself。，So it kind of instilled， I took a step back。，I'm like。

 yeah， like I'm doing well in school。，I'm focusing on， you know，。

getting to university and college and whatnot。，Because I'm doing it for me。，Not for anybody。

 not to impress anybody。，And that was kind of something。

that they instilled in me at a pretty young age。，Like that， that self-reliance。，Popular kid？，Kind of。

，I was student council。，So。，That's available。，Yeah， so student council and drama nerd。，There you go。。

Drama。，So in terms of like，，in terms of sports wise，，I played hockey for a couple of years。。

And this is kind of interesting。，I got bullied in hockey。，So I wasn't， cause it wasn't that good。。

I started， the funny thing was，I started late in hockey。，And then I would get bullied a bit in it。。

And so like I wasn't all that great。，So I just kind of like dropped out of it。，I was like。

 this isn't for me。，And then I started competitively swimming。，And that， yeah。。

So not the most popular sport。，But the one thing that it did was that。

it instilled that was like a huge work ethic。，Because we would swim before school，。

like two hours a day。，After school， two hours a day。，And like I was basically doing。

in and outside of school，，like four hours a day of just like，extracurricular stuff。。

Of just working in or being in sports。，So that was about just grinding。

and just going at it like quite a bit。，Any heroes role models while growing up？，While growing up？。

Yeah。，It's kind of the same role model I have now。，Arnold Schwarzenegger。，Really？ Are you joking？。

I'm not joking。，Okay。，If you look at that guy's whole story，。

it's all about earning things for yourself。，Like the guy grew up，，we got a helicopter， super loud。。

If you look at his story，，he came from a small Austrian town。，Came from nothing basically。。

And owned his sport， bodybuilding。，Became the five time Mr。 Olympia，in the 70s。，Came to America。

 didn't know any English。，Started a business。，Even before he was in movies。，He was a millionaire。。

And working in like construction，and real estate development。，And then didn't know a look of English。

or barely knew any English。，And became an international movie star。，That wasn't enough for him。。

He married royalty in the US。，The Shriver's and the Kennedy's。，And then he became the governor。。

So it's like I look at that guy，and I'm like wow， he can do anything。，Like somebody like that。

who can come from basically a small town，and come from nothing basically。。

And accomplish so much in his life。，I'm like it's inspiring。，How old were you when you started。

to identify with Arnold？，I think it was like in my early mid 20s，but growing up。

Terminator was my favorite movie。，So I looked at him，and like this guy's movies are awesome。。

He's really inspiring。，Just like his films are just so cool。，Like you're a kid。。

You like love action movies， right？，So it was cool to see。，In terms of like business wise and stuff。。

I never really had role models，that were like stars or anything，or famous people。。

It was more my teachers that inspired me。，In school。，So I had teachers in science。

and calculus that just pushed me，and pushed me so hard。，If I did poorly，they're like you know Frank。

you can encourage me。，You can be better than that。，So I really looked up to them。

and they inspired me，and they pushed me to work，that much harder。，And then it was that。

like kind of competitive nature。，Like seeing。，I always had one person in every class。

that I kind of comp myself to。，I compare myself to them，and I was like，I have to do better than them。

，Why？，It's just like a competitive nature。，I just I knew that I had somebody。

that I kind of marked in that class，and I'm like I've got to be，as good as you in this class。。

And I continued that。，It's kind of like，a friendly rivalry。，It's not that I didn't like them。。

I had a respect for them。，But I always had this rivalry with them，to push myself a little bit more。。

Do you think that，if you didn't have the teachers，that were like supportive，and believing in you。

and pushing you，because I didn't have that，when I was a kid。，I had maybe a few。。

But if you didn't have that，do you think you still would have，had the drive to do it。

with no external support？，I think a lot of guys，watching this probably，a lot of people watching this。

they don't have the external support system，whether it's parents or school，or whatever。。

Do you think you still would have，tapped within some resource，within your side of yourself。

and still pulled it off？，I think I mean，it has to come intrinsically，that motivation。，One thing that。

I mean teachers did motivate me，to do well。，But at the same time too，sometimes teachers actually。

it motivated me to do，kind of against what they thought。，Sometimes they thought。

that I was a little bit，like an underdog。，So for instance，I remember in high school。

one teacher asked the class，who's got their，pre-acceptances already，for university， for engineering。。

It's a tough program at U of T。，And I raised my hand，and I was like，I got my acceptance back。。

And the teachers' words，were literally， you？，Like you got accepted？，And that kind of pissed me off。。

And I was like， you know what？，I'm going to work harder，just to show you，that I can do it。。

And I kind of，get motivated sometimes too。，It's kind of weird，when we talk about。

motivations maybe later。，But one thing that，I think is really important，is that one thing。

you kind of got to have too，is like a chip on your shoulder。，That's interesting。，And it's kind of。

a negative motivation。，But sometimes it helps。，It helps。，If you feel like，people say that。

you can't do this，or you can't succeed at this，or that， you kind of take that。

and you draw it in and say，I'm going to kind of，prove you're wrong。，Or I'm going to do it。

for myself for sure。，But I want to actually，show people that，you can start off with，not nothing， but。

from a regular starting point，and excel well beyond that。，So where do you think，that came from？。

That's like the key，right there， right？，So despite the，people were supportive or not。

despite the hockey stuff，something you had，a little bit of a chip，on your shoulder。，Did it come from。

you were like，you weren't as big，as the other kids。，Did it come from，you just didn't fit in。

a certain way？，Where did it come from？，You're just like，yeah， I'm just going to show them。。

Where did that come from？，Do you think？，I don't know。，That's tough。，I mean， maybe it was。。

Maybe I'm not，as big as other kids。，Or maybe I wasn't，as athletic as the other kids。。

But it was something that，if it comes within you，just being that much，more resourceful。。

Like knowing that，you kind of had something to prove。，It just made me work，that little bit harder。。

That's really cool。，I think it's cool too，because I have guys，that come on programs with me。

and I do programs。，And they'll be in the same，kind of situations，where there's opposition。

against them。，They just can't process it。，They can't get through it。，And the difference。

between me and them，is that I kind of get，turned on by the opposition。，I get turned on。

by the challenge。，When I go to the gym，and I feel sore the next day，，I'm like yeah。，I'm sore。。

Like I feel like，I'm excited about that。，You know， when I go，and I'm talking， let's say，。

to successful women，or whatever it is，and I can't do a good job at it，，I'm happy about it。

because the fact，that I'm pushing through，that pain period excited me。。

It sounds like you had that as well。，You kind of，intrinsically developed that，through whatever way。

you process the world。，You're like，I'm going to show the teacher。，I'm going to show the kids。。

With the hockey thing，，I'm getting，bullied with the hockey。，I'm going to do it。，So that kind of like。

became your little engine。，You had this kind of like，I think I can。，I can do it all the way through。

and carry it to other areas，as you got older。，What were some of the issues，，I guess you'd say，。

the challenges？，You said you mentioned hockey。，What were some of the other challenges。

you had as you were developing？，As you were coming，，let's say， in your teens，，out of your teens，。

personal relationships，，like challenges you had，growing up as a teenager，，ever run away from home，。

you know that kind of stuff。，Yeah， no。，No， pretty like，，pretty well adjusted。。

Never run away from home。，I got on， you know，，not everyone gets along together，。

along with their parents， right？，But no，，I got along well with them。。

I think it was just this motivation，to just this hunger，and wanting to always do well。。

Like if I latched on to something，，if I got into something，，I would just focus on it。。

Going into university，，it was like really about locking in。，I was like，，I have to get great grades。

and I have to get into this program。，And because really what my ambition，was like growing up is，。

I wanted to be in finance。，I wanted to be in banking。，I was like dead set on it。。

I think my dad and I had，，my dad had kind of like，pushed me towards that direction。。

I watched Wall Street，，the original one growing up，，like Gordon Gekko。，Oh， and I was like 10 or 11。。

And I was like，，these guys are the shit。，Like these guys are making money。，They're successful。。

These guys are awesome。，So I think that's originally，what I wanted to aspire to。。

And then going through school，，I was like，，okay， I've got to get great grades。

and I've got to do really well，and not let anything，get in the way of that。。

Because you go away for school，，there's like distractions，，people partying。，I mean。

 I partied a lot too。，But at the end of the day，，I was always that guy，who went back to the dorm。

at like midnight and studied。，And then like，，after a night out in the morning，，I was up at eight，。

like getting there for class。，And it's just like，，just get your ass in that classroom。

and just show up and learn。，And it's better than like，，you know，，sleeping through your class。

or just not showing up，or just like slacking off，that was one or two times。。

Because one or two times add up。，So it sounds like you have，it sounds like you have another trait。

that those guys are successful，，successful usually have，，which is they have。

a high level of accountability。，You have an unbelievably high level， of accountability，。

not to anybody else，but to yourself。，That's what your mom，taught you， by the way。，That was a lesson。。

It's like， listen，，you're doing good in grades。，It's not for me。，It's for you。。

It's accountability to yourself。，I know some guys，who do good in self-development。

or pick up stuff as well。，They're always like，，they do it for themselves。，They are，。

they can try to control，their emotions for themselves。，They try to execute。

what they know they should do，as the right action for themselves，over and over and over again。。

And that's really what's，，I think is，，I've noticed is key。，Also you have the other traits。。

It's funny，，you have these three traits，that I noticed。，You also have this lock-in trait。

that you mentioned。，You lock in，and you focus on something。，When I was doing music。

and I was a music producer，across Canada and stuff，，I would lock in so much。。

I would do a music piece，and I'd forget to eat，，forget to sleep。，I was so zoned out。。

I'd lose track of time。，I started at 11。，Next thing I know，，it's 6 o'clock in the morning。。

Do you find when you work，，you get into a trance？，You get hypnotized by the work。

and you just completely forget everything？，Like out-of-body experience almost？，Yeah， totally。。

So in work，，when I first started my business，about 10，12 years ago，，that was it。。

I had a full-time job at the time，and I was starting this business，on the side。，And it was like，。

forget it。，Quit your full-time job，and just focus on this business，and that's it。。

And we'd be working，from 7，8 in the morning，to like 9，10 at night。，Stop for like，。

there was no taking care of your body，，taking care of yourself。，There's some like，。

I'd go out maybe like，，you know， one night a week。，But then Saturday morning，。

I was right back at the office。，And I remember being extremely hungover，for many days。

on a Saturday and a Sunday，，but just like，，I'm there at the office，and getting work done。。

And you're just，，you're so focused on that goal，for a certain amount of time，before you start to see。

the rewards from it。，I mean，，a recent example of that，is me and fitness。。

I've been making a big change，in myself and fitness lately。，And it was，you know，。

being a casual gym goer，to somebody who's like，，locked in，，going to the gym every day，。

watching everything you eat，，you know，not drinking，，watching my sleep，，all these things。。

And you have a scale，right？，You have your food。，I have a scale for my food。

to make sure I know exactly，what I'm eating。，But it's just that laser focus。。

And it doesn't have to be，for a long time。，It's not like you have to be。

this laser focus and intense on a goal，for three， four， five years。，Focus in，。

get that part of your life，dialed in for like a year or two，，really make that your project。。

And you'll see results。，And then after，，once you have that laser focus，and you've really pushed it。

for like a year or two，，you can then kind of back off later on。。

You can just be in that maintenance mode。，It was kind of like，，like losing weight in your body。，Like。

you know，you lose 30， 40 pounds。，And it's not like you have to keep，working out excessively。

and eating all that。，You can kind of just like level off，after a while。，With a business，，it's。

you know what，work hard，for those first five or six years。，Once that's kind of established，。

you can kind of not let go a bit，，but you don't have to be going，at like 200 miles an hour，，you know。

every day of your life。，Do you believe in，，this is a good point actually，，do you believe in，。

as the boat starts rocking，，you can't tell，cause the camera's，connected to the boat。。

So I just look like I'm crazy。，Do you think that，，so you basically，，what Frank is kind of saying，。

if I can say in other words，，you believe in periods of imbalance。，That's another thing too，。

I found with guys successful，，they always have a period of imbalance。，Like，crush it for three months。

，crush it for a year，，da，da，da，da。，Let go of your body for a bit，，you know，then make it up。。

So you believe like an overall in your life，，let's say the 80，90，100 years，we hopefully live longer，。

if this medicine or science is better，，that throughout the whole 100 years，，you'll have that balance。

，But there's a couple of years，where you have that imbalance，and you're okay with that。

in order that it gets you to live，like delayed gratification，，get to the gratification later on。

which your goals are，and stuff like that。，That's pretty cool。，You ever do a personality type，。

like Myers-Briggs personality or？，I did one just recently。，I forgot the results。。

It was like this total like alpha，leader，like ANTJ or something。，I don't know。，Are you extroverted？。

It was like ANTJ。，I think it was。，Do you think you're an internal process，。

like you process things in emotion，or do you process logical facts，，you get the logical facts，。

you process them，and doesn't affect you emotionally at all？，Are you like an emotional processor？。

I'm like it's all about logic。，It's all about analysis。，And that's more in business，right？。

Like in life and relationships，，even in relationships too。。

I mean the more you study human psychology，and the more you understand。

interactions between men and women，or even in a business interaction。

or family and friends interaction，，there's patterns，and there's like standard things，you can follow。。

And I'm very analytical，I think。，So you think there's patterns of success，and patterns of success？。

Absolutely。，Yeah，for sure。，OK，cool。，Actually you mentioned，you mentioned relationships。

and stuff like that as well。，So let's talk about that a little bit。，So then you know。

I work for a company，that's known for dating and stuff。，A little bit。。

One of the largest ones in the world。，So with that，，how did you first say to yourself。

what were your relationships，with women and dating，and then how did you say to yourself。

I have a problem，in this area that I want to fix，and what was that problem that you had？。

Were you too nice，too shy？，Were you，you know，，what was the problem you had that you noticed？。

So I mean，I don't know if it's really a problem，but I mean I'd always been，like pretty。

my interactions with women，I think were always pretty positive。，They worked out pretty well。。

I think that，in terms of like the problem was，I guess maybe there，I wasn't finding like the right。

women that I'd really want to date，like a higher quality person。，Somebody who，I don't want to。

You have a dog now，so it's OK。，I have a dog now。，So I have companionship，loyalty，everything。。

Everything I want。，He's just chilling there。，So I think it was maybe。

I wasn't finding the right quality，of women that I wanted to find，or。

just women who I could see myself，in like a longer term，like a dating relationship。。

I mean you can go out，you can party，have fun at bars，and hook up and all that。，But after a while。

you kind of want to find，you know some longer term，more meaningful relationships。。

Somebody you can talk to on，you know on a very goofy fun level，but at the same time。

have very serious conversations，and still have that attraction between you。，How old were you。

when you started thinking that？，Because that probably didn't happen，when you were like 30。。

That probably happened，like that happened when you were 20。，I was like that when I was 20。，I know。。

That happened when I was like 30。，I'm a late bloomer。，One thing about me，this is like a bad trait。。

I'm like I'm late constantly。，It's like it's pretty bad。，It's probably my worst trait。。

How many years ago，did you discover this stuff？，I discovered like，you know like RSC and everything。。

Probably only about，like three four years ago。，Oh really？，Yeah。，Funny thing。，You were a late bloomer？

，Super late。，What did you do the other？，I got wasted in bars。，I know what happened is。

a long time ago I guess，about 10 12 years ago，I read David D'Angelo，that dating book or whatever。。

I read it and just like，I was like this stuff is like cheesy。，This is ridiculous。。

It's like I don't know。，The advice to me，like some of the stuff there，was fundamental。

and it kind of made sense。，But some of the stuff was like，this isn't for me。，So I said forget it。。

And then about two three years ago，I think I came across some material online。。

And so then I started reading it。，So I started following，the YouTube videos，and stuff。。

You know checking out，the free tours and everything。，And then you know，and getting into it。。

So and then I found that，there's a whole different way，to interact with women，and interact with。

just people in general。，Because the lessons that you learn，from RSD，and from understanding。

like pick up or and whatnot，translate to different parts，of your life。，So the lessons that you learn。

like studying game，I think are totally translatable to，just life in general。。

So I mean it teaches you，goal setting。，It teaches you like，I think most importantly。

like the psychology，of human interaction，and understanding，you know how males，and females interact。。

But also just how you know，you interact with friends，understanding like frame control。

having empathy for people，understanding their position，putting yourself，in somebody else's shoes。。

Like all these things，you talk about in game，but you learn about them，in everyday life。

or you use them in everyday life。，A lot of the books，that you read related，to self development。

I mean it's not just about，pick up and all that。，It's also relating to，you know your business。

or relationships with your family，relations with your friends，understanding them better。。

So I think that，the things you learn，I mean it's just，about learning to deal with people。

and learning how to，communicate better with people。，That's big。，What about the，self-management part？。

That too。，Or you had that already？，The goal setting part was big。，Because I think I read。

maybe it was like，Data。，David Data。，It was either David Data，or one of the other books。。

We're talking about，goal setting，and writing down your goals，and how important that is。

and reviewing them on a weekly，or like a monthly basis，and holding yourself，like I said before。

accountable，for what you want to accomplish。，That's something that I've，I had it before。

but I really take it，a lot more seriously now。，I like that。，OK。，Cool。，So yeah。，So you were kind of。

doing OK，with the dating stuff before。，Yeah。，But you're still，enough of a motivation，for you to say。

I want to explore this stuff。，Explore this，culture of dating advice，and stuff like that even more。。

So what were，some of the insecurities，or challenges that you had，if you had any？，I don't know。。

No insecurities。，None。，No。，I think some of the insecurities，that I have personally，I guess my height。

，How tall are you？，5'7"。，You are not 5'7"。，I'm 5'6"。，Are you barely 5'6"。，No。，I am like legit，5'6。5"。

，I'm almost 5'7"。，On a hot day。，Anyways。，Yeah。，So like height is a bit of，a sticking point。

I guess for myself，mentally wise。，Just you know looks，you always think like you know。

like your body your size。，Like frames。，Like frame size。，Yeah。，What else？，Like I guess my style。

is pretty like average dude。，And also just talking，and being shy。，Right。，Like starting off like。

I still have trouble。，I mean honestly。，I still have approach anxiety。，You do？，Yeah。。

Sometimes like when you're like，I don't know。，I don't know。，Weird situation。，For sure。，Absolutely。。

You know in certain situations，I will。，In certain other situations，it's like hey whatever。，But yeah。。

You have this you know，approach anxiety to start off with，or just the general shyness。

and not understanding what to say，or carry on a conversation。，So those are kind of things。

that I got hung up on，before I learned about，like self development。，And then just from reading。

from seeing videos，from talking to people。，You learn that，there's definitely a process。

and like a solution，kind of to handle，and exercises，or anything you want to call it。

to handle kind of，each of those misconceptions。，And also with the physical things。

it's like there's things，you can change about yourself，and you should work hard，to fix them。。

And that's kind of，not fix them，but improve on them。，And that's a mentality，that I totally have。。

And there's things，that you can't change。，You can't change your height。，I'm a European background。。

White dude。，I mean like that's just，it's who I am。，And I can't change those things。。

But there's things，that I can change。，Like I mean my style。，My level of physical fitness。，My job。。

My income level。，I can do things，within my power，to improve on all these things。，It might not be。

a five month or six month fix。，It might take a year。，It might take two years。，But I'll be able to。

improve those things，and get so much better，at those things。，And make myself a better person。。

And a more attractive person。，It's funny。，You say that you're not，a natural conversationalist。。

But as far as I know，you've always kind of been，a natural conversationalist。，You're pretty good。。

You're very。。。，Yeah。，You have one of the more。。。，I don't know if it was，culturally developed。。

But you have one of the。。。，Like even myself，I'm very analytical，as I talk。。

Even when I have a conversation，with somebody，it seems like it's just flowing。，It's natural。。

It's second nature。，It's absolutely not。，I'm like the most，unnatural， natural ever。，And。。。。

But you always have，conversations that are very，lighthearted and safe。，You're able to make people。

feel very safe and comfortable，every conversation。，I notice that with dudes。。

I notice that with girls。，They never feel like，they have to live up，to some sort of level。。

You make them feel like，they're good enough。，But yet they want to be，the best person for you。。

How did that develop？，That's almost like a superpower。，I would say，that's your superpower。，Yeah。。

How did you develop that？，I think the frame，that I keep in my head，is think of yourself。

when you're talking to somebody，and when even。。。，This is even in business。，It's weird。。

And when you're talking to girls，or talking to friends is，kind of think of yourself。

as kids on a playground。，And it's like。。。，And I think that maybe，Todd told me this。

or somebody or Jeff，or something。，Think of yourself，as just kids on a playground，having fun。。

And you're going to be，basically interacting，with each other，in a light and playful way。

and a way that wants。。。，you want to engage。，It's like。。。，Hey， I've got a ball。，Hey。

 come play with my ball。，Let's go play soccer together。，Let's just play together。，And when I am。

in a business meeting，I keep it very lighthearted。，And I'm just like。。。，Hey， let's work。。。。

Let's work on this project together。，This will be beneficial，to both of us，in a certain way。。

Or when I'm meeting a girl。，Hey， I want to share，my life experiences with you。。

There's a boat behind us。，Sorry。，That's freaking me out。，OK。，Boss problems of the day。。

Boat behind you。，I want you to talk about，the communication with people。，And how I keep it。

pretty lighthearted。，Yeah， yeah， yeah。，You see the playground。，The playground thing。，Yeah。。

So just continue。。。，You want me to，start that part over？，You can just continue。，So basically， yeah。。

It's like kind of。。。，like you're interacting，with somebody，and you're just like。

a kid on a playground。，I've got a ball。，Come， let's go play soccer。，Let's go kick this thing around。。

Let's go play handball。，Let's go play catch。，Whatever it is。，And you want to keep it。

light and playful，like you did then。，Like let's interact。，Let's have an interaction together。。

So I do that in business。，It's like you're in a meeting。，But I kind of have it。

in the back of my head。，Like let's cooperate together，for the greater good。。

Even if you're on the other side，of like a negotiation，where you're trying to。

sell somebody something。，It's like hey， instead of me，trying to push this product on you，。

it's more of this will have，a benefit to you。，There's a price for it，because you value my time。

and the product。，So let's work together，so that you can， you know，，enjoy this product or service。

and I'll enjoy your money。，Or the other way around。，Or even when I'm buying something。。

And it's the same way，when you're interacting with friends，or with women as well。。

Like you have so much to give。，You want to share，your life experiences。。

You want to share who you are。，And you want them to share，the same thing with you。。

And have that cooperation，for mutual benefit。，Yeah， I think all that，can be summed up to，well hello。。

So Frank has this thing，he always does。，He always says well hello。。

And it's kind of become his trade mark。，I don't know why。，But it actually encompasses。

everything that you just said。，So the well hello， right？，He says it like with his。

kind of like a cheeky，like look on his face。，Like well hello。，Like he's playing，while he says it。

 right？，It's like drawn out。，It's like long well hello， right？，It's got that tone to it。。

And it is like let's come play。，That's what it sounds like。，Yeah， it kind of does。。

It's kind of like I'll never，make that introduction，to people I don't know，because it's like。

who is this weirdo？，It's more of like，well hello。，It's like oh it's you again。。

And you're kind of like，you're kind of teasing the person。，But you're kind of like。

it comes from a friendly space。，So it's kind of like，oh Frank's joking around，with me again。。

He's here。，It's like hey what's up？，Yeah， so I noticed，when you're interacting with women。。

It's like you joke with them。，And that's like an inside joke，but they're in it。。

They're never at like，the expense of the joke。，It's like an inside joke，that they're in it。。

It's meant to make them，feel comfortable。，So even when you're like saying。

oh blah blah blah blah blah。，It's like you're teasing them。，But you want them to feel comfortable。

as you're saying at the same time。，It's very interesting。，It's a very interesting dynamic。

that I've never seen really。，I've seen people have，the aspects of it。。

But I think you're kind of like，the pioneer of that dynamic。，It works out。，It works out for you。。

It's like it's a playful，kind of teasing。，It's like how you，how you tease your friends。。

Like a friend you've known，for such a long time。，And you're just like。

you're kind of goading each other，and kind of joking around。，But it's always in like。

such a playful positive way。，That's kind of how，I like to interact with people。，OK。，Cool。。

To kind of like break the ice。，Or just to keep that，relationship fresh。，Right。。

So what were some of the biggest，successes you've had，when it came to dating？，When I say successes。

I don't mean like，this is an accomplishment。，The stamp of approval。，I've accomplished this goal。。

But I mean like，things you had to overcome，and you found ways to overcome them。，That's kind of like。

what I consider a success in dating。，What are things you overcame，that were really hard for you？。

I think for me in dating it was，like I said I never had a problem，meeting a lot of women。

and going on dates and everything。，But I think more so it was，having like a better connection。

with I guess more interesting，more interesting women，more interesting people。，People that have like。

interesting occupations，that are attractive，that are well traveled。，And being in the social circle。

or being not related to，but being with people，I'm having a tough time，answering this question man。。

That's really good。，No， no。，Actually it's amazing，because you said it。

you said the answer to the question，with another question。，It gives me another idea。。

So the other idea is，what is your，you do have good connections，with people。，What is your process。

for having connections？，I mean sometimes you'll meet someone，like we'll meet the same person。。

And next week I find out，that you're like friends，with that person。，They're integrated in your life。。

You're very good，at integrating people in your life。，So you do have a process。

that you're going through，whether it's business people。，You said well travel people，you're meeting。。

What is your process，for creating a connection，with someone？，I think it's just like。

understanding them，and empathizing with them。，And like getting as much。

not like trying to get information，but just like listening to them，and understanding who they are。

what their motivations are，what do they want？，And the idea of empathy，for me is something。

that I've learned by，like going through，and following itself development。。

Because previously I was just like， stare at a person，be like okay you're done，you're talking now。

I want to talk about myself。，And I just want to go on and on。，But really，when you understand。

where somebody's coming from，and understanding，what their motivations are，that helps you understand。

is like do I want this person，in my life？，And if they're coming，from a positive place，and they've。

they're motivated，they're focused，they have aspirations，and goals and values。

that are the same as yours，I'll welcome the person，into my life，and I'll want to interact。

more so with them。，So it's really screening，not really screening，but like really understanding。

where they're coming from，and seeing if that aligns with，where I'm coming from，where I'm going。。

And then I think that，you know what，that's the right person，that I want to interact with。

and I'll work with them，or I'll be their friend，I'll spend time with them。

and we'll have a great time together。，So now that's the foundation。，So that's the foundation。。

And you have that foundation。，Now what are some of the，I guess you'd say，actionable things。

that you find that you do，pretty often，with people that you meet，or people that you。

see a second time，or end up seeing a second，third time to kind of get，some sort of。

friendship relationship going。，Because I think people watching you go，they'll say that's great。

but I don't know how to execute that。，Like what does that look like， right？，Like what is，Okay。

 we have commonalities。，We have things that we，share in common now。，What do I do？。

Do I call them on the phone？，Do I invite them out to a thing？，Do I go to see them at their work？。

Like what do I do？，Yeah。，Are you talking in terms of，like in like a second，or a first date。

or a second date or，It could be a first date。，It could be in between，the lead up to a first date。。

It could be，it could be with a guy，that you want to become buddies with。，Yeah。，You know。。

Like for example， you know，you're like one day you're like，hey， let's come out on the boat。，Yeah。。

Right。，That's a thing you do。，Do you find that you're a caller，more than a texter？，Do you find that。

 you know，do you find that you can，vite groups of people？，Do you find like， you know。

I find for me it's when，I guess we'll talk about it，like in terms of women。，I mean。

 after I go out with somebody，for the first time，and make a good connection with them。

I'll probably like， you know，just text them， tell them，I had a great time。，And then after that。

I'll wait a few days，and maybe like，we'll plan out something else。，And I don't like planning out。

really elaborate situations，and big things，because like it's easy，to have a great time。

with you have like，we're going to a five star，Michelin restaurant，or we're going to，you know。

sitting courtside，at a Raptors game。，I mean like，anyone's going to have fun，in this situation。。

It's like watching The Bachelor。，They all fall in love，on The Bachelor，because they're on vacation。。

Like how can you not fall in love？，But like I want to be in situations，at first，when that person's。

in a real situation。，So it's like，we just go for a coffee。，We just go walk my dog Arnold。。

We go for a quick drink。，Just so we get to know each other，on a more basic level。

and when we're just doing，normal things。，We're not like going shopping，or running an errand。。

Yeah like that。，Yeah I'll do that too sometimes。，Like I'll go shopping。，Maybe not like。

picking up my laundry。，But like maybe if I have to go，like you know，buy a shirt and it's like。

hey like she's into fashion。，So like you know，give me your opinion on something。。

So I'll do something like that。，But that'll be after，the first couple of times。，And then maybe like。

the third or fourth day。，We'll do something cool。，Like we'll go to，a sporting event。。

We'll go to like an art show。，Or we'll go to like，a wine tasting or something，kinda cool like that。。

So it sounds like you just hang out。，But do you get opposition，when you're like，let's hang out。。

Like I need to be taken too。，Yeah。，That you get opposition。，Yeah。，Oh absolutely。，Absolutely。。

And that's part of，I think the screening。，And that's part of saying like。

look if you're the type of person，that always needs to be entertained。

and has unrealistic expectations。，You're probably not for me。，And that's great。。

You're very attractive。，That's great。，You're you might be very smart。

sophisticated well-travel person。，But if you're a person，that just can't chill as well。。

Then you're probably not for me。，Cause I like doing those things。，And those things are fantastic。。

But I also just like，being a normal everyday person，who you like the，life is mundane sometimes。。

And you have to be able to just，interact at that level too。，Is it because also。

maybe you made a decision，to not lead with money。，Absolutely。，Absolutely。，And I've learned that。。

I've，No。，Ask the story。，I wanna hear。，I've heard。，No。，I've heard that story。，Yeah。。

So I've led with money before。，And it does not end well。，It just ends with like，now what？。

What's next？，It's like a drug。，It's like，you open with，or your first date。

like let's go to this amazing restaurant。，And I don't do it。，It's funny。，Not to impress a woman。。

I do it because，I just wanna go eat，at this sick restaurant。，So it's like，let's go to this amazing。

there's an awesome steakhouse，called Jacob's，or Michael's even in Toronto。，And I was like。

let's go to this steakhouse，cause I want steak，and I wanna go eat it。，You take them there。

and they're just like，oh shit。，This guy。，Okay。，Maybe I'll just like。

get a few sweet dates out of this。，And you take them out，for these amazing dates。

and then nothing happens。，Cause you have this expectation，that this is the，the provider guy。，Yeah。。

He's just gonna take me out，on cool stuff and，and really，you're not gonna have。

a real connection there。，You know what's funny？，I think about it。，Your dog's like，he's trying to row。

，There's my foot for a second。，It's funny。，We need it。，We can't dock the boat，without the rope。。

We'll be stuck out here。，We'll be stuck out here。，Arnold。，I should recognize。，That's funny。。

So I'll tell you a story。，So I actually went on a date，with this girl。，You actually recommended。

I go to the bar chef place。，It's amazing。，I went there。，Date was great。。

And so it was pretty expensive。，It was like 150 bucks。，We ended up spending it after the meal。

and everything like that。，Which was fair enough，for the girl and the experience。，Right？。

Great experience。，Theatrical experience。，Micro。，Liquid nitrogen explosions。，And they bring stuff out。

on trays。，They explode it out。，And they say smell this，before you drink this。，And you're like whoa。。

And then a really gorgeous girl。，And then we ended up，partying ways，because she had to go to。

some event for the TIFF Festival。，And later on she was like，I don't want to go on a second date。。

And I was like what？，And she was like，I don't want to go to a second date，because you got angry。

that I was talking to the bartender，for too long。，And so she ended up talking，to the bartender。

because she works at the，Bartending Nightlife。，She ended up talking to the bartender。

for about 20 minutes。，And I was like well，you're here with me。，You pay attention to me。。

So what it equaled was，I was literally，like in my mind，I'm literally paying。

for her attention at that point。，I was literally paying for her，like this $150 experience。

for her to pay attention to me。，And she wasn't。，And she's just entitled。。

She's like I go to these places，like this all the time。，Like I'm treated well all the time。。

You should just let me do what I want。，Let's just let it happen。，Let's just vibe it out。。

Whatever happens。，No expectations。，I'm like yeah。，My expectations。，Talk to me。，Right。，That's fair。。

Which is fair。，So I'm sure like，what I'm saying is，if you lead with financial situations。

you get these girls，who just get entitled to it。，Like I'm sure you，like what are the things。

that you see the behaviors，that you see the girls，like you know being a successful guy。

these entitled behaviors，that you get。，What do you see？，Just that expectation。，That expectation of。

you'll take me here，you'll take me on vacation，you'll take me out for dinner。

you'll buy me Louboutins，like all these like，or whatever shoes they want。

and I'm not that type of guy。，If you're my girlfriend，yeah like，we'll do all these things。

and like we'll，I'll like I'll spoil you sometimes，if it's your birthday，or whatever it is。。

But I'm not the type of guy，that's just gonna just like，throw money at a woman，or even like friends。

or a problem or anything，that's it to help to try and solve it，in life or to try and make。

a connection there。，You have to have a connection，on a level like outside of，just you know like。

experiences and like material things。，But that entitlement，yeah like if you set that up。

and there's tons of guys out there，because there's tons of guys out there，that are very successful。

but have no understanding，of interacting with women，or with people，like they're awkward like。

they're I don't know，whatever occupation might seem awkward，or I don't know。

if you're like an astronaut，or something maybe like，maybe they don't have very，good social skills。。

I don't know，I'm just throwing things at，they've been alone for so long。。

I don't want to pick on like，I don't know an engineer，or a doctor or something，but like certain。

or a mathematician let's say，people who are focused more，on technical things。

and less on the human aspect，of interacting with people。，So there's tons of guys out there。

that yeah they do really well，but they don't have，a good way of communicating，with the opposite sex。

or even with men too，in terms of friendships。，So yeah a lot of people，can sometimes look at it。

and be entitled，but you have to really，I think not lead with that，kind of I can provide。

these things for you，and lead with more of a，let's establish a connection。。

Right establishing connection，I like that，that goes for guys as well guys。，For sure。。

You have French dudes as well。，Leave me to my next question。，What would you say。

is your personal definition，of success？，Pretty deep here。，This is like a service level。。

You know you got some good，get some cool toys and stuff。，You got some experiences。。

You can do all that，if you want to do it。，And then it must be，a personal success that you。

you want right。，When do you，when does Frank feel successful？，You know what I mean？。

There's that as well。，So what are your，what are your definitions，of success？，I feel successful now。。

And the reason for that，is that I think I've come，to a point in my life。

where I can pursue my passions。，I have enough free time，to pursue the things，that I'm interested in。

as well as you know，being successful in my business，and being successful，in my interactions。

with my family，with my friends，having time for them，having time for those things。。

And at the same time，I'm like feeling good，being just happy，with my life in general。。

So I really think success is，being or getting to the point，where you can pursue your passions。

at your leisure。，Whatever those passions are。，If you're into like，virtual volunteering。

if you're into sports，if you're into art，if you're into fitness，whatever it is。，As long as you can。

focus on those things，and you can really pursue，those things，I think that's when，you're successful。。

That's a good definition。，It's a personal。，So it's like you're，personally satisfied，therefore。

and the external circumstances，allow you to be，personally satisfied。，The external situation。

allows you to be，personally satisfied。，Because your life，is in play，the way you want it to be。，Right。

，So I mean like，if someone's unsuccessful，I mean like they're，they're not working in a job。

that they really like，or their relationship，with their significant other，isn't that great。。

I mean when those things，are in line，that's when I think，you're successful。。

I mean your personal relationships，your family，your work relationships，and like how you spend。

how you spend your free time，when you're enjoying yourself，in all those four or five。

different levels，and even like spiritually，I'm not a spiritual guy，but for some people like。

spirituality，they're fulfilled as well，I mean that's part of success too。，Personal success。

your little world，your world is the way you，want it to be the best，as you can。，Yeah。。

What are some of the，downfalls of success？，Um，I guess like，people，challenges of success。。

You'll have different relationships，with people。，People possibly have，different ideas of you。。

Once you become successful，like everyone loves，the underdog right。，But once you become successful。

they're kind of just like，oh that guy，got sick because of，he did well because of，X Y and Z。。

I mean people don't say that，but like sometimes，like I don't get that personally，but friends of mine。

who've been successful，you know they encounter，that sometimes。，The challenge is，another challenge is。

like really like，you know what's next。，Like once you're a successful person，people kind of。

experience that。，Like expect，excellence or they，expect something from you。，It's like well now。

now it's next。，Like you're only as good，as your last success。，So that way？，Yeah sometimes yeah。。

Like some people are just like，okay you did this。，That's cool。，Now it's next。。

So it's like with my family，it's just like you know，okay you've got this，like great business。

and you've got this，great friends。，You know whatever。，When are you getting。

your girlfriend and getting married？，Like come on。，When are you gonna，be successful there？，So。。

Or when are you gonna grow，to the next level，in your business？，When are you gonna get，a bigger boat？。

I'm like relax。，This is enough。，Like this is enough for us。，And that's the thing too。

is like different aspects，of your life。，Like you wanna be successful，let's say in work。

to a certain extent。，Now it's about the point where，I don't need to，grow my company to like。

a billion dollars，and like all the，and have like even more sales，and I'm happy with it。。

I'm content with it。，I wanna enjoy my lifestyle more。，So I'm gonna work a little bit less。

and work on other parts，of my life。，Like this year，I wanna get a dog。，Like I love the companionship。。

I love the idea of having，somebody there，or having something there。，So I got him。。

That was a goal for me，this year。，Count Dog somebody。，I got that。，Is that？，Yeah。。

What are you gonna call him？，Fing？，Yeah。，Yeah。，It's true。，Shadow challenge。，You know。。

Having something there，to give you that companionship，and whatnot。，So that's part，of like a passion。。

What did the novel。。。，So I talk about this all the time，and people kinda laugh at it。。

Because they're like，I can't believe that you，are complaining about this。，But I'm saying like。

I lived in that mansion。，Yeah。，Which was awesome。，Yeah。，It was pretty awesome。，That was it。。

I lived in a ten million dollar mansion。，We're gonna get hit。，No。，We're good。。

I lived in a ten million dollar mansion。，And it was cool。，But then it wore。。。。

The novelty literally wore off，in three weeks。，Yeah。，Are there some things，that you're surprised。

you got bored of them so fast？，Like not even bored。，But like the idea，of what success is。。

And then you think，you're gonna achieve it。，And then once you achieve it，it doesn't feel。

like how you thought it would feel。，Like you always want more。，Yeah。，Yeah。，That's like。。。。

I think that's just，basic human nature。，I think that。。。，Yeah。，Some material things。，Like a boat。。

Or like。。。，I don't know。，Like having a sweet condo，I guess。，Or having like a big TV。。

Like these are cool things to have。，His TV is the biggest TV，I've ever seen in my life。。

It was like an 80。。。，I'll just say 100 inch TV。，It's 80。，It's like the size of three people。

lying down side by side。，And it's curved。，And it's 3D。，And you have to have glasses，to watch it。。

And it's on a stand。，It swivels all around。，Like the head from the flight。

of the navigation of Disney。，It's pretty sweet。，Yeah。，There's。。。，I don't think you can even。

get that to you。，I think it's like，a call Samsung，and it has to make it for you。，Possibly。。

So it's cool。，Yeah。，Stuff like that's cool。，But at the end of the day，，yeah， that stuff kind of just。

。。，You kind of get used to it。，And it kind of just wears off。，The stuff that you don't get sick of。

is like the experiences。，The experiences。，So like the travel。，Like I still love traveling。。

I don't travel as much，because of like the dog，last six months。，But I mean when I get to go out。

and travel and see new places，and see new things，，like it's eye-opening。，And you have to meet。

interesting new people。，That's awesome。，I think it's the sharing action。，That's what I noticed。。

I noticed that you share a lot。，You get more pleasure，out of sharing the thing。

and seeing people's reactions，on the thing than you。，Like you love your boat。。

You're on your boat all the time。，You take it out。，You know， you're a boater。，A guy by nature。。

You got the boat hat。，I'm being surprised，you didn't have a。。。，I started last year。，Oh， no。

 you didn't。，I never got a boat before。，What？，I thought it was like a thing。。

I thought you had like a name，，like an anchor tattoo，on your like your cap，or something probably。。

Okay。，I thought you were，like a big boat guy。，But I see that you get a kick out。

of just bringing people，on the boat。，You more than the。。。，Look， you want to watch their faces。

more than you enjoying the thing。，So to that point，，when I was at the point，where I was like，，Okay。

 I've got some money saved up。，I want to buy a toy。，I want to buy something cool。，To be honest。

 in my head，，it was like，，I'm going to buy this boat，or I'm going to get like。

a Lambo or like a Ferrari，or something。，And this was about like，a year or so ago。，And I was like，。

What the heck am I going to do，with like some cool ass car？，Like I'm going to drive it around，。

kind of look a little bit，douchey sometimes。，Look like a douche bag basically。。

Or and like with one person beside me，and just like cruise around，like hey， look at me。，Right。。

Or I can basically party，with like 10 of my friends，and have a great time，and enjoy an experience。

with a bunch of people，，you know， having a barbecue，，going to the beach，，hanging out，。

just having fun with people。，So I mean that was like，more of like an expression，of my success。

than some cool looking car。，So yeah， you're right。，It's about the experience。。

It's about like sharing，the experiences of people。，And it kind of goes back，to what I said earlier。。

It's like，，Hey， I've got a ball，on the playground。，Let's play together。，Right。。

Like that's what I want to do。，It's not to like to show off。，I mean， there is obviously，showing off。。

But I mean like the same time。，I know we can see you really。，Yeah。，Just show off。，It's like。

 look at this。，Buy all this again。，Throw it here。，Just us。，We rented out this lake。，No。

 but like it's。，Yeah， it's about，sharing the experience。，And that's what really，I enjoy。。

That's what I like。，Tell me a little bit about，people you maybe had to cut，out of your life。。

Either whether it be，you know， on your path，to pursuing，better and brighter pastures。，You know。

 to the company you keep。，And as you change，who you are，，the company you keep，provides the change。

and support that as well。，So yeah。，I mean， it's。，I haven't really ever，like cut people out。。

It's just spending，less time with them，and letting them have，less influence on，my thought process。

and my belief system。，So and it's really，it's what you would think。，It's like， you know，。

people who are kind of negative。，People who you always hang out with，and it's like they're。

doing the same thing，or so they're just like，they're kind of just like，working for the weekend。

or it's like it comes to，Thursday or Friday。，I just I need to drink，or I need to just，I hate my job。。

I have like negative thoughts，hords like what I do for living，or like I'm not happy。

in my relationship，with my girlfriend，or women too，who are just like，I'm not happy。

like a lot of women，that I find that，like I've dated sometimes，that like they're not。

happy with their career。，They're not satisfied with it。，And so I've just， you know，。

stopped dating them。，Like even though，they're attractive，and you know，，there's like， oh， it's a girl。

that you know， it'd be cool，to be seen with。，But they're intrinsically，just not happy。。

So if they're a negative person，and they just need to，I mean， get validation from。

going out and partying，or you know， Instagram，or anything，with outside validation。

and they're not happy，intrinsically，and they're like，a negative influence，，it's just cut it out。。

People have like，unhealthy lifestyles，that you know，，aren't like， you know，。

looking at your long-term health。，I've kind of like cut them out，or like spent less time with them。。

People who just don't have，a purpose really in their life，，who are just wandering，and drifting like。

I'm thinking， you know，，I should do this，or maybe I should do this，in my life。

and I should switch careers now。，And then it's like，I'm at the point where，I'm a little bit older。。

You know， I'm in my mid 30s now。，I feel like the people，I interact with，should understand。

where they are in life，and where they want to go。，And if you don't，，probably not going to be。

spending a lot of time with you。，Got it， got it。，Cool， I like that。，I like that。，I like that。。

I was going to say，I was going to ask you about，your hard decision-making process，but it sounds like。

that's part of your，decision-making process，is all of that。，I had a question here。，Okay。。

What I want to talk about now，is get more to the，entrepreneurial side of things。，Okay。。

Because we actually never，really talk about it。，I think that you，probably think about it。

you don't talk about it，you're more of an executor。，So let's talk about this。

the whole entrepreneurial side of you。，How old were you when you started？，Did you start with。

like a lemonade stand？，What were the failed businesses before？，All that kind of stuff。。

It's funny because again，going back，to what I really wanted to do，like when I first started。

in business school，was I wanted to be in finance。，So I studied like。

stock market and the bonds market，and I got my Canadian securities，and everything。，It was only。

and I kind of，I was a hard worker，I had good work ethic，but I never really translated，and thought of。

running my own business。，It was only until，about like second or third year，that I basically。

there's a couple of different clubs，that I ran in university，and I was like you know what。

I can kind of like，run something on my own。，And then just as I left school。

a friend of mine approached me with，this business idea，and I said you know what，I'm young。

let's give it a shot。，I'm 23 years old。，If this thing fails，in the next three to four years。

I'll be 27。，Who cares。，I'll get an MBA，and I'll just go work for some company。，Measured risk。，Yeah。。

It was a calculated risk，and it was kind of，just like a what the heck moment。

and I usually wasn't very like that。，I didn't take a lot of risk，and I thought you know what。

let's just try it out。，And lo and behold we didn't fail。，So really growing up，it was less about。

having the lemonade stand，and doing the newspaper route，and everything like that。。

But I always did work。，Like when I was，I got my first job like 14，basically taking paper files。

out of one box，and putting them into a larger box，to be recycled。。

The most boring job you could think of，working in a basement for a summer。，But that's what I did。。

That was my first job，and then I worked at a grocery store。，But like basically。

all throughout my high school life，I had a job where I worked like。

at least like 16 to 18 hours a week，in addition to school，or whatever else I was doing。

and like extra curricular stuff。，So it was more，but like I think the work ethic，starting out。。

You already talked a little bit about，how you think money is useful。

to invite people into experiences，and to kind of make your，make you satisfied situations。。

So that's pretty cool。，Hey Arnold，you're gonna be a celebrity。，Yes you are。。

What are your beliefs about money？，So everybody has different，let's say you know，I used to go to the。

Steve Harvey Eckert，Millionaire Mind Seminars，and say everybody has，a financial blueprint。。

Some people believe，money is the root of all evil。，That's what they believe。。

You mentioned that you started，idolizing financial stuff，Gordon Gekko， Wall Street。。

You idolize that stuff。，You're like，what are some of the beliefs，that you kind of had。

I mean not even now，but when you were starting out，the beliefs you had about money。，Money is good。。

Money I can achieve this。，What are some of the deep philosophies，that you have about money？。

I think it allows you freedom。，That's what it is。，It shouldn't like，it's like like trap you。。

You shouldn't be focused，on acquiring it。，It should get you to，you should just like to me。

you look at somebody like，like Bill Gates，totally chill dude。，He's worth，bazillion dollars。

or trillions of dollars right。，And it's like it gets you to a point，where you can be happy。。

But then beyond a certain point，you don't need an excess of it。，Like you should focus on。

acquiring capital，to an extent，and then really it's really，a reflection of your personality。

is how you spend it。，Is you know，once you become successful，it's like how do you then。

spend your time，and how do you spend your money。，Do you choose to share，with people。。

Do you choose to，spend it on experiences，or do you choose to，just like buy a big house。

and have gold rings，and like and be that guy，and be and show off with it。，So to me it's that like。

you should focus on，acquiring wealth，to give you freedom。，Like I said earlier。

to pursue whatever you want in life。，What did，one of my old roommates，he said he spent like，30。

000 dollars，on personal education，not even school，but like he went to seminars，he went to courses。

like that。，What kind of extracurricular，education have you done，if you like went to seminars。

fled out to，maybe flew out to conferences，and entrepreneurial groups。，For sure yeah。，So I'll do。

and every year，like I'll count a budget for that，not only like money wise，but also time wise。。

So I'll try to do like，two or three conferences a year，relating to my industry。

and better educating myself，in my industry，and how I can excel，like how my company can excel。

and how the business can expand，like if it's marketing，if it's logistics，if it's a sales conference。

I'll try and do a few of those，per year。，And then also just like，some self development stuff。。

So and also，wealth related too。，So I'll do like，I like real estate，as an investment vehicle。。

So I'll do a couple，real estate seminars a year。，I'll meet with people，who are knowledgeable。

in the real estate sector。，So I like speaking with them，and I'll spend time，going for a dinner。

or to a seminar with them。，And then also for like，the self development stuff too。，I'll spend time。

and I'll spend a weekend or two，doing that as well，and surrounding myself。

with people who are interested in that。，So definitely you've got to set time，like a weekend。

like every two or three months，for really focusing on that。，And then also at the same time。

just reading and educating yourself。，Like to be honest，I don't read a lot。。

I don't read a lot of books。，But I prefer learning，from like speaking to people，and experiencing it。。

So if there's like some lesson，like I'll read a book，and I'd rather just，go out and talk to somebody。

who's kind of read that book，and get their feelings，of what was the most important thing there。。

To learn from that，and then practice it，and execute it。，Pardon me？，And execute it， yeah。。

And implement it。，So if I hear about something，it's like you know，I've read about this book。

about fitness，and you should eat X， Y， Z。，I'm like you know what，I'll try that out for myself。。

And if it works，and I like it，I'll do it。，So actually this two part question。

the first part question would be，top five business or financial books，you've ever read。。

That would be the first part。，Because everybody's going to want to know those。，Yeah。。

I mean I don't even know if high five。，I think like the most important one。

and the most one of the most basic ones，is like rich dad poor dad。。

I mean like just the idea of being in control，of your own financial destiny，is so important。。

Good to great。，That's an older one too。，Seven Habits of High Effects of People。。

Oh how to win friends。，These are pretty basic，like standard issue。，Like everyone。

I feel like if they've watched this video，they should have read these by now。。

If they haven't go read them。，How to Win Friends and Influence People。，Classic。，Super classic。。

That's four right now。，I can't。，Another financial one。，I think people don't understand。

the game of money。，I think you have to learn that as well，from being around people。。

You have to learn around the game of money。，How to use money，in order to make more money。，Yeah。。

What's the closest book you've read，to kind of explain that paradigm。。

I think like the rich dad poor dad one，is just like it's so，like it's so basic。

but it just lays it out perfectly。，And that book actually influenced me，to go ahead and start。

buying up real estate，about six or seven years ago。，And like now I have a portfolio。

of like a few real estate investments，that I understand how to manage them。。

I understand how to grow them。，I understand how to look for，the right purchases going forward。。

But it all started with that。，When you say real estate portfolio，do you mean condo flipping。

or do you mean apartment buildings，and things like that。，Oh no like like homes。，Like only like homes。

like in different areas of the city，that I just basically rent out。，So those are just like。

 buying hold strategy。，I don't really flip。，I've sold a few of them before，and then just go ahead。

and reinvested in them。，But I don't know anything about，what do you think about the idea of。

that we get really business，I'm gonna drop some，I study marketing too so。

what do you think about the idea of using，credit to buy，credit to either start businesses。

credit to buy。，Some guys think that you should not buy，anything that's gonna be you know starting。。

Do you believe in borrowing。，What are your thoughts on that。，I did it。，Like I use credit。。

I got a loan to like start my business。，You have to right。，You can see somebody with a great idea。

but usually when you're starting out，and you're young and you have a great idea。

you don't have any money。，So you have to leverage，your family friends，angel investors VC the bank。

whoever will give you some help，and capital and starting a company，use that。。

I definitely went into debt，when I started my company，when I bought my first rental property。

but that's what I had to do。，Like I had to like leverage，whatever I could。。

It's like buy it on a credit card，or take out a short term loan，just to make it happen。。

Would you do that again，credit card thing。，I heard credit card is the worst way to do it。。

It was very short term，but it's kind of like what I had to do，to make this happen。。

What do you think also about the AR，and also welcome your famous now。，What do you think about。

you want my water bottle。，Ah。，What do you think about，what do you think about the idea of。

expanding a business，with no profit margin，no net profit initially。

just to get the initial customers in，and stuff like that。，I think it makes sense。，Look at Amazon。。

They haven't made money for like，twenty five years。，They just started making money recently。。

But they're a household name。，Jeff Bezos is apparently like，he's a genius。

but like I mean his company，didn't make money for 20 years。，I think yeah like yeah。

growing your top line revenue，is important at first，getting the word out。

and then just making it work afterwards。，And that's kind of what we did，in our business like we grew。

and we were unprofitable，for the first you know，five to seven years。。

But we were just growing the business，for understanding how to acquire customers。

how to how to fit in our niche，in the market。，And then we said look，we'll make the sales work。。

We'll get the customers，and then we'll figure out，the operations after。。

And we knew there was some way，like if we can get this business。

to X amount like 10 20 million dollars，whatever it is。，There's got to be a way。

we can make it profitable。，There's got to be efficiencies，that we can find。，I like that actually。

that reminds me of another book，that I read。，Big Mike again offered，many of you a book。。

He said two business books，every person should read，is ready。，First one was 22 mutable laws。

of marketing。，Brandon Carter also told me，that as well。，Brandon's doing like a million plus。

of course this year now，you know millions or whatever。，So he recommended that one。。

And the other one was，ready set aim。，And the first chapter，of that book it says。

focus primarily on sales。，Sell your customers。，Sell your first customer。，Don't even think about logo。

，Don't think about branding。，Don't think about furniture。，Don't even think about。

customer service to a point。，Just get the initial sales done。，Sales sales is done。。

So even with like me my team，I'm like sometimes we'll get，into a habit where we're focusing。

on like what's the look of this thing。，I'm like no just to sell it。，Sell it。，Get the customers first。

，Sell it first。，And then once you have，that sales machine going。，Then you can look at。

the operations part。，You said that really quickly，as a sentence。，But that's actually a huge thing。

that I focus on。，It says your zero to your first 100。，Your first million，that's what you got to do。。

Just sell sell sell sell。，Yeah absolutely yeah。，It's focusing on getting the，I mean sales are like。

the heart of a business right。，Like if you don't have sales，if you don't have customers。。

You're not gonna have anything else，to improve on the back end。，It's just go out and hustle。。

I mean for the first，I guess five or six years，of my business。，It was like we didn't。

really make any money。，Like I went from a good steady job，to really like literally making nothing。

for like three four years。，And it was a matter of just，just getting the business out there。。

Just getting the knowledge，and the experience，of that whole like，that whole 10，000 hours rule。

of getting to know，what the customers want，in this niche。，And then and getting some sales。

to keep the company afloat。，And then once we got some sales，we said OK。。

How can we're selling this product。，How can we buy it for cheaper。，How can we design it ourselves。

manufactured ourselves，instead of buying it，from some other guy。，Because hey we can。

probably make a better one，than that supplier can。，And we did。，How can we provide a better service。

or provide the service for cheaper。，There's so many ways，that you can become more efficient。。

But first yeah，the first thing is，you have to get those sales out there。，And that should be like。

your first goal for the first，year，three years。，Three years。，Two， three years just sales。，OK got it。。

That's really cool。，One of my，Todd told me this thing once。，Todd has day game program。

which did extremely well。，And he said to me，he's like you know，one of the best things，you get to do。

for any business is successful。，He did hedge fund stuff as well。，He's like you have to find。

a competitive advantage。，And find a slight advantage。，Any business does well。

finds an advantage in that niche，and then executes that advantage。，How did you find。

what your competitive advantage was。，So I call it，so it's a competitive advantage。。

I like to refer to it，as an information advantage。，So if you have，I think an information advantage。

over your competition，you'll do better than them。，And the way that translates is that。

if you have more experience，if you have not just experience，but if you have more knowledge。

if you delve deeper，into whatever niche，you're looking at，you'll beat your competition。。

I guess the question was like，what's our competitive advantage。，Yeah。，How did you think。

you got more information。，So everybody can say like，if I had a boat，I'd make boats to head。

fire jet packs on the back。，That's not even my advantage。，I have information on that。。

I believe that I'm right。，So it's more than just that。，It's also probably，like how did you say。

what was your，not even a niche advantage，but a slight advantage。，How could you do it better。。

Like your stuff is sexy。，Yeah。，That's what I say， right。，Like your stuff is sexy。，But it's yeah。。

So what we try to do，is our advantage is not only，providing a great product。

but providing that product，delivered to your home，and in the simplest way possible。。

So consumers right now，are buying everything online。，We want to get that。。

We get that product to your house。，You know damage free，hassle free，a couple clicks。，It's just like。

when you buy a book on Amazon，or you buy like whatever on Amazon。，It's so simple。。

It's just you click on it，two days later it comes to your house。。

We want that same kind of experience，for home furnishings。，So that's what we've done。

in trying versus our competition。，We said look，we want to make this buying process。

as simple as possible。，We want to make you，as comfortable as possible。。

And that's I think our advantage，over the competitors。，And again it goes back。

to understanding the customer。，Going back to spending that，10，000 hours in the market。

talking to customers at trade shows，on the floor in customers homes，understanding what they want。

from our line of products，and then delivering it to them，in the easiest way possible。。

It also goes back to that，idea of empathy。，Put yourself in their shoes。。

Like our target market is like，men and women in their 40s，with families。，It's like。

I don't want to have to，sell them something，that's tough to assemble，and tough to deliver。。

I want to give them something，that's like you get it，to their house。，Boom。，It's done。，Was that your。

So that's the，iteration of your business right now。，Let's talk about your first，startup。。

I read in the article，or Facebook or something。，International site was $5，000。，And then from $5，000。

the company grew。，So from $5，000，I guess it went through shifts as well。，How did you。

I guess be flexible，and discover those shifts，that were possible to make。，Because the first idea。

probably isn't the idea，that you ended up with right now。，That first idea。

how did you guys get that going？，How did you get off the ground？，We，It was my buddy and I。

when we first started，it was a product line，that he had a contact，was making a product in the US。。

So we started basically，we picked up one product line，that we were selling。。

But then we quickly found that，we needed to carry，multiple product lines，like in the niche。

that we were servicing。，And then once we were buying，a bunch of products，from different suppliers。

we said you know what，we need to make this ourselves。，We need to basically go to China。

and design it here ourselves，just like kind of Apple，designs in California，manufactures overseas。。

We kind of had the same idea。，We designed everything here，and made it overseas，for about 50% cheaper。

than we were buying it here。，So that became a huge advantage for us。。

But there was so much more involved。，There was the delivery of the product。，There was the marketing。

of the product online。，There was reaching out to，the retail partners，that we wanted to sell through。。

All these things that，that were part of that puzzle。，But just starting out，that advantage was like。

taking that risk，and saying you know what，why can't we develop，a better product？，Why can't we just。

start designing the product？，We really didn't have，any design background，but we knew what。

the customers wanted。，So we kind of outsourced design。，We outsourced，some of the marketing。

of the product。，But in the end，when it came down to it，it was us selling that product，to retailers。

and they saw value，in what we were offering。，I think anybody，that's been successful。

in some area of life，they figure out，what their flaws are，and they have a strategy。

to compensate for those flaws。，They think they're honest，about what their weaknesses are。

and they either，surround themselves with people，or they do things，that make up for it。。

What are some of the，they could be external，or personality flaws you had。

and how do you compensate them，for them，whether it comes to dating，or also business stuff？。

I think dating wise，some flaws are，I just get lazy sometimes man。，I just get tired，and I mean。

when you're my age，and it's just like，you don't want to go to a club，or you don't want to。

talk to somebody，like on the street，and like literally my job，I'm talking all day。。

So I get out of that，and I'm just like，I'm just exhausted。，And so what I try to do is。

I mean there's like，you know being on top，of your nutrition，and being on top of your fitness。

is like key，because without that，I mean you know，you travel all the time，and without that。

it's like you can't function。，And it's also surrounding myself，with higher energy people。。

If I don't want to go out，I'm going to hang out with，some of my friends，who I know are upbeat。

they're energetic，they're motivated，they want to have a great time。，So I'll surround myself。

with those people。，At the same time too，I'll just get，I don't know，conceited or just cocky。

and I'm just like，I don't have time for this shit。，Like fuck it，I'm better than this。。

Like and that's something，that you just got to get，out of your head。，It's like every time that。

which you are probably。，No。，No。，Don't feed it。，Okay。，Don't do that。，I just say you。

maybe stop this place，I mean they just，they don't understand。，No。，But it's like，you can't have that。。

You have to be，you have to enter，every interaction，just like explaining，where you're coming from。。

Because you know what，the person that you meet，might be the exact same way。。

And they might just come off，as a bitch，just because，they have this like super crazy。

high value lifestyle，and it's like，if you can interact，with that person。

and find you know commonalities，or find like the same level，and you mesh well together。

you might hit it off。，You might have a，great relationship there。，And I think it's the same。

business wise。，I mean you want to have，business like partners，and you want to hire，your weaknesses。。

I mean that's like one of the，most fundamental，things in business。，Like there's certain things。

I can't do，in my business。，Like I'm not super technical。，I don't understand，excel modeling。

and stuff like that。，So I'm going to hire，somebody who can do that。，I don't understand。

how to sell to，big box retailers，well but not very well。，I'm going to hire。

somebody who's a specialist，in that。，Or like IT，or whatever it is，in business。，It's really hiring。

the people that，I just have weaknesses in，and learning from them。，Any odd random。

other additional thing，that you kind of had，on your mind，that you wanted to express。

or you wrote that，in your notes，you kind of wanted to say，that you didn't，put it out there yet？。

I think it was，the one question that，you had earlier，about like why are，most people unsuccessful？。

Yeah， why are most people，unsuccessful？，And I kind of，flip it and I thought，why are some people。

successful？，And the things，that they do differently。，I think I touched on them。。

But just to kind of like，put them in perspective。，I mean it goes back to，a lot of that work ethic。

and how important it is，to do that like you said。，Like that 10% or 20% more。

than the average of what people do。，That's what makes，successful。，Taking that risk。

and taking that risk early。，I mean I'm assuming that，most of the guys or girls，watching this are。

relatively young，probably in their，in their 20s and whatnot。，It's like take your risks now。。

Like don't wait to be like，oh I'm kind of incubating，this idea，and I've got my full time job。

and I've got this like，fuck it。，Start a business。，Just do it。，Do it now。，And then like you know。

burn the ships。，Like quit your job，and just go for it，and spend that six months，to a year on it。。

And have that time of imbalance。，I think that's like，just so important，because people think about it。

and they talk about it，and they just never end up，doing it。，So just getting it done。

and don't wait for that，perfect time to do something。，Just get it done。，So I mean the other thing。

is you know，you got to add value。，If you're not adding value，in a situation，then forget it。。

You got to find out how，like in business，and even in dating too。，It's like you're not adding value。

to a person's life。，Don't expect them，to add value to yours。，You've got to bring the value。。

Focusing on something，I mean in business for us，it was like a very，focused niche。

that we've been successful at，and we just we found，that little niche in the market。。

We found that window，and we just blew it up。，We like created this market，basically。

and then just being，sticking with it。，I mean people，people quit all the time。

like they'll start something，they'll be like，you know I started，going to the gym for January。

and then I just stopped，in February，and I was like，meh I got lazy。，I had this business idea。

and then I just kind of，like just dwindled off。，Like no like，it's gonna take you，two year。

like a year or two years，to really succeed at something。，Don't quit after the first。

like three to six months。，Stick through it。，Spend like it took us，like five seven years。

to actually become successful，in what we did。，But you've got to，really stick it out。，People quit。

I think too early。，So that's what I think，kind of like you know，those four or five things。

are what separates，the successful people，from the people，that just kind of like，shuffle their feet。。

The dabblers。，The dabblers。，Yeah。，You can't be like that。，No room for dabblers。，Like that。，None。。

Sweet man。，Yo dude。，Thanks。，Thanks for doing this man。，This was very cool。。

This is probably one of the most，indepth conversation we had。，We usually don't have time，to do that。。

You're busy。，I'm traveling。，This is very cool。，I enjoyed it a lot。，I hope that the people。

watching this got a lot out of it。，I think Frank is the guy，I mentioned before。。

Very successful in his own right。，Company is doing very well。，Enjoys a great lifestyle。。

Has a very very fun time，dating。，Very successful at dating。，And we'll leave that。

as vague as possible。，I want to thank you all，for watching this video。，Thank you for getting boss。。

Thank you for picking this up。，I appreciate it so much。，Thanks again。，Thank you for being here。。

Everybody thanks for helping us out，doing this。，And yeah。，We'll have more of these，in the future。。

If you have any questions。，I'm not sure there'll be a，comment section。，If you have any questions。。

Feel free to shoot me an email。，My email address is always，around on the internet。，And yeah。。

Keep in touch。，And don't be a stranger。，Cheers。。