# 05.托德价值大师班【萌萌团队-皮卡内部提供】：06.你的价值来自哪里：2.指出差距_2PointingOuttheGap

Gap means the gap between who someone is conveying that they are，and who they actually are。。

So think of it this way。，You know everything about yourself。，You know all your own insecurities。。

You know all your own worst qualities。，You know all your own best qualities。。

But when you go into the world，，you try and highlight those best qualities。

and you try and hide those worst qualities。，So you're putting a presentation into the world of one thing。

when in fact you know that you're another thing。，That's true for just about everybody。。

And most people are trying in some way to be something or not，。

especially people who are aspirational，or like a little confident or ostentatious。。

They're putting something out there that is you know。

what they'd like to be rather than necessarily what they are。。

Or something or maybe they're putting out a slightly more favorable impression of themselves。。

If you can point out that gap，，then you're going to do really well。，So one example of this，。

which can bring up kind of a mark examples，is dealing with other guys in an interaction。。

One example is if you call out the guy for doing game，，so to speak。。

You didn't say you're doing game or whatever，，but if you say wow， you're like you know，。

that's very smooth。，You're like where'd you get that line from？。

Something like that is you're putting him under a lot of pressure。

because he's trying to be this like cool social guy，and it's just happening。。

Where you point out that like game is in progress。。

Now it puts him in a weird situation where he'd be like，。

I'm not doing game and justify himself and qualify himself。，Or he can go along with you know，。

oh yeah， no， I'm really good at this。，And now he's qualifying himself。。

So you put him in this interesting double bind。，Another interesting one，。

it's not necessarily the most practical，，but it's a good example for illustrating the concept。

is if you saw someone wearing like those Ferrari jackets，or something like that，。

you'd be like oh dude， nice jacket， man。，The car's outside， right？。

And you're kind of like just joking with him，，teasing with him，。

but he has to like kind of acknowledge，，he has to handle that。，It's like no， I don't have the car。

 just the jacket， right？，Or he can try and be like，，oh no， I love the car at home。

and just try and be all like， you know，， try and play it off or something like that。

when you know it's not true，and it just comes off very， very fake。，So here what you're doing is。

you're pointing out the gap between，who they are like presenting to the world。

and who they actually are。，Profile they got from me，with three different pictures，。

three different situations，where you might be approaching the girl， et cetera。，So let's look at this。

，So from this idea of pointing out the gap， right？，So if we're to point out the gap。

for this picture on the left，and like the chunky like khaki boots or whatever。。

So she's trying to look very like not try hard，，but she clearly like put it together very intentionally。

，So that's a bit of it。，And then if you were to walk up to a girl，like in the moments doing this，。

and this is obviously odd，because it's on Instagram，，but it looks very posed， right？。

And so something along the lines of，the gap might be something along the lines。

of like trying to not look try hard，or something like that or being very posed。，Something like that。

 right？，Or the fact that like you caught her，when she was like wrapped up，in like perceiving herself。

or something like that，would be an interesting gap， right？，So assuming she's like out at a nightclub。

sitting by herself，，like staring into the distance。，I'm sorry。，Hey， sorry。。

You looked like lost in self-reflection。，I thought you might want to come。

join the party with everybody else。，Something like that，where you're pointing out this gap。

of how she's like kind of posed，or being extra elegant，，but being like not really congruent。

to the thing that's going on at the event。，That could be a potential gap，or again， this idea。

that like she like dressed up，to dress down，is an interesting pointing out，the gap kind of a thing。。

So those are examples，of different things，you might maybe play on。，The second one，。

couple things that will come up。，One is she's like，，it looks silly， right？，It looks super silly。。

And this will happen a lot of times，maybe when you're out，or girl like does a silly pose for photo。

or does some silly thing with a girl，or with their girlfriends。，And if you can notice them。

in that moment and just look at them，and just like catch eye contact，and roll your eyes。

or catch eye contact，and be like wow， that was hilarious。，Or did you really just do that？。

That's an amazing moment。，If you can actually catch them，in that moment of silliness。。

So she did this like weird pose thing，in the purple dress。，And then she。

in that next moment you catch her eyes，and be like wow， could you do that again？。

That was adorable and ridiculous。，So that's good。，A big thing with particularly hot girls。

is they're used to being called hot。，They're used to guys，acknowledging them as beautiful。。

They're used to guys，not being able to be themselves around them。。

But there's another way of looking at them，which is like kind of cute and silly。

which is still positive。，It's not insulting，because that's the way a lot of guys。

try and go with hot girls。，They go like flat out insulting，and that doesn't work either。。

Especially insulting them on their appearance，when they already know they're hot。

and they know it's bullshit。，But just treating them as though like，cute and amusing。

and not taken very seriously，can actually work very well there。。

The other one just because of this attire，you could be like I love the dress。。

I see you really just chose to fit in tonight，or like to blend in tonight。。

Something like that could be，kind of a tease there，where it's clearly like she wants to be seen。。

She wants to be ostentatious， right？，So what she would like to have perceived。

is she's just this like，pixie-like elegant thing，that's getting all this attention。，Oh， it's just oh。

 woe is me。，It just happened。，But let's be honest。，When she dressed this way。

she was actively seeking attention。，Now you wouldn't be like，the insulting would be like。

you're actively seeking attention。，That's lame。，That will not work，because that's combative。

and aggressive and negative，and those kind of things。，But instead if you compliment her on it。

but then throw like a little irony，just pointing out the gap again，that could work pretty well。

 right？，This last one's interesting。，One thing that comes to mind，that I wouldn't say。

it fits the format，but I wouldn't say it，for cultural reasons，is it does look like。

she's in high school。，And that would typically be，like a good tease。，The only problem with that。

is it has that association，with her being underage，or something like that。。

She'd want to avoid that comment，for social reasons。，But it does fit the format。

of the right kind of tease。，The other tease，that's very good here，that would be a compliment。

but like a insecure，insecurity-provoking compliment，would be something like the，I like the look。。

I bet you'd look actually，really good with your，natural hair color，something like that。。

And so basically，it is a compliment，but you're sort of assessing，or you're sort of like。

you're saying maybe you'd look，you didn't say you'd look better，with your other hair color。

or like this looks lame，you should have done，your other hair color，which are all insults。

and that would be going wrong。，But if you're like，because it's clear，like she has the dark eyes。

dark skin。，It's clear that she's not，a natural blonde。，So one， the fact that。

she's not a natural blonde，could be insecurity in of itself。，Like it doesn't look right。

or doesn't whatever。，But secondly， it's a con。，I bet you'd look good with，you know， I bet you'd look。

really good with your，natural hair color，something like that。，And you're sort of also。

poking fun of the fact，that she's putting on a facade。，She's changed something，about herself。

to look a certain way，for the world。，So those are the type of comments。

that you could potentially make，in these kind of situations。，And this one's actually decent。

because the first one looks like，she could be like that，out at a club。，Second one could be。

some silly little thing，she just did posing for a photo，again out in public。，This last one。

 I don't know。，It does look like a posed photo。，So it's a weird approach，to the situation。，But again。

 there are a couple of things，about the look that you could use。，Other thing I would do。

want to point out，is that commenting， especially，with the hotter girls，on their appearance。

is probably not the best way to go。，If they do something behavioral，like you know， the girl。

in the middle picture，the purple looking silly，，that is a good behavioral thing。。

The girl looking like lost，in like lost in the clouds，and not like，not in reality at all，is you know。

 potentially something，in the first picture。，Something behavioral is better。，For example。

 if you could characterize，this third look， I don't really know，an adjective for it。。

But if you had an adjective，to characterize it，，the adjective of the look。

would be better than commenting，on her physical appearance。，So that's a general principle。

that you could use。，This is the second famous person，that my staff chose for me，to like look at it。

and work with and that kind of stuff。，These are actually a bit more difficult。。

And the reason has to do with situation。，So this first one，，the problem here is that。

just looking at it，，if I were to see this situation，，number one， there's three girls。

and they're all very hot。，So any of these girls，，if being approached，。

could likely have some sort of like，arrogance or some sort of like，attitude about them。。

And then also the way they're，interacting， they're showing，some feistiness。。

And so there's a decent chance，if you had to like physically walk over，to these girls over some kind。

of a distance，，you would be like kind of，they'd see you coming，and they'd be kind of like。

the rejection would be already，like almost semi-prepared，before you get there。。

Because there's no real，non-obvious way to do，to do that approach。，And they're already，。

they already seem primed to be，in that kind of attitude of like，we're the hot shit，，etcetera。

etcetera。，So that can be kind of difficult。，Again， you want to look，for situational opportunities。。

So in this first，first picture on the far left，，three girls flipping，，well， two girls flipping off。

and one girl like licking her finger，that flipped off，，which is interesting。。

But the best approach here，oftentimes if you were at，some kind of distance，might be actually not。

to technically approach them，，but might be just like，flip them off back。，Like they're flipping off。

the world during this thing。，And then you catch，catch eye with them。

and just like flip them off as well。，And then if they react，strongly to it，，you can kind of like。

shake your head at them，and roll your eyes，or do a second gesture。，If they reacted to that，。

then maybe you'd like act like，kind of like as though，，oh God， I guess I'll，I guess I'll walk over。

since you're engaging with me，and act like they opened you，，act like they，engaged with you first。。

So something like that could work。，If you did the flip off thing，and they didn't notice it，，well。

 nothing is lost， right？，You can still approach later。，If you did the flip off thing。

and they noticed it，，but didn't react much，，you still engage with them，on some level。。

You could go back，to whatever conversation，you're having。，Hopefully you're already。

doing something yourself，and as opposed to just，standing around by yourself，at the bar doing nothing。

，And then you can always，go approach them later。，And that approach later，might be a little warmer。

or a little more，more welcoming than it would，have been in that moment。，But walking across，。

if there was a large gap，and there wasn't a clear reason，to approach，。

it wouldn't be the optimal timing。，You'd much rather，find a casual moment，to approach these girls，，i。

e。 if they were standing，more near you，or if you were walking past，or something like that。。

So it is somewhat of a difficult，approach in that realm，just because it's very obvious。

you're approaching。，If you had to go，，if you had to start the conversation，in an obvious way，。

one thing you could do，is just make it，not a particularly sexual，conversation at first。

and just work socially，and be the social fun guy，and then bring the intentfulness，later on。。

So even potentially，old school opinion opener，could be good for this，kind of a group situation。

where there's no kind of，soft point in the group。，So those are different approaches。

that could work there，as far as it goes。，The second one，，a situation where I absolutely。

can't talk to you，is a situation where I absolutely，would not approach。，I'll explain why。

how I would approach in general。，But the reason I would not approach，is this girl is clearly has。

she's being photographed， right？，She's clearly being photographed。，She clearly looks a certain way。。

And， you know，，interrupting that would be，extremely try hard，，extremely not calibrated， etc。。

If you were to approach this girl，at a different time，，so she's clearly，like blatantly well-dressed，。

like ridiculously，accessorized perfectly，，everything matches，，like her purse。

matches her dress and her top。，I thought actually when I first saw it，。

I thought her purse matched her top，，which would be even more ridiculous。，But since it's a dress，。

it's a little less ridiculous，，but it's still ridiculous。，Like what kind of girl。

has a perfectly matching plaid purse，for her like perfectly matching like top， right？。

So something along the lines of that，，pointing out that gap，could be interesting， right？。

Pointing out the gap，that it is a little，over the top or a little try hard。。

So and the other thing to think about，is what kind of event this is。。

So if a girl is a dress like this，，she's probably dressed for an event。。

So hopefully you belong at that event。，Hopefully you're a dress well at that event。。

Hopefully you fit in at that event。，And in that case，，you might not even have to do a cold approach。

because you might be hopefully，someone at that event as well，or at least know someone。

or something like that。，So you could also avoid cold approach，in this kind of a situation。。

And a lot of times，，the issue with celebrity girls，isn't even that they're harder to approach。。

It's the problem of access。，It's the problem of like actually，getting to a situation。

where you could approach them。，But in terms of pointing out the gap，，couple things you could do。

is you could say something about like，，do you like the outfit？，I just have to ask though，。

do you always like，，you know，get the matching，，matching purse for every shirt you own？。

Something like that。，And then the idea of like，，I love the outfit，，but you know，。

it is a little over the top。，You could say something。，This wouldn't be a good openness。。

So it might be good in the thing。，You know，，actually I have to say that，the look is very elegant。。

Like kind of you're acknowledging it。，And by the way，，the neck warmer really sets it off。，Right。。

And calling it a neck warmer，as opposed to calling it like a whatever，could be，，you know，。

you're kind of poking fun。，But overall you are complimenting。，Because you don't want to ins。。。。

This girl is very，，very，，very well dressed。，If you insult the way she's dressed。

or act like she's making a fashion faux pas，，you're just wrong。，Because she's not。。

This is like a fucking amazing outfit。，Right。，And it's okay to。。。，It's okay to。。。。

to tease and whatnot。，But you don't want to be like flat out insulting。。

You don't want to be too far from reality。，The third one's more interesting。。

And third one's more of a situation，where you might be typically approaching。，Again，。

very well dressed。，But it is a very unique kind of a look。，I saw someone put like。。。。

Some of the like to steal the gloves from OJ。，Yeah，。

the gloves are definitely something I would play on。，My thought with these。。。，With the。。。。

This one is more like she looks like，she could assassinate you，or something like that。。

It's like she looks like an assassin。，Or she looks like something like，，you know，，very like。。。。

Like nefarious or untrustworthy，or something like that。，But very elegant and very good。，And again，。

you'd give the compliment。，Because she is very well dressed。，And if you're like。。。。

You're dressed like shit。，You're just flat out wrong。，Right？，So you want to be positive。。

But then you just have that little bit，of you're not taking her all that seriously，in the positivity。

，And in particular with the really hot girls，，not。。。，You do not want to be saying，，Oh， you're so hot。

，You do not want to be giving，like physical compliments，，that kind of stuff。。

And one big thing with this，，this whole premise of this exercise。

of what opener would you use for her？，How would you open her？。

It assumes that the opener is a huge part，of the interaction。，And it is important。。

Because it helps with getting into the interaction。，But it's definitely not the whole deal。，Right？。

It's nothing like the whole deal。，Your only goal on the opener is to open。。

You're not trying to like have this like opener，that's so clever she's blown away by。，In fact，。

if your opener was too clever，，it might appear too rehearsed。。

Or it might appear like you've been like，trying to think about it for 10 minutes。

or something like that。，Or you might like deliver it in a way，that makes it seem rehearsed as well。。

So mainly we want to just go，with your impressions in the moment。。

It's okay to be largely just positive，and friendly at first。，And you should trust yourself。。

Here's the big deal with this。，You should trust yourself with a girl，no matter how high value that's。

，Sorry，，I'm reading some of the comments，，which are actually quite funny。。

But you should trust that your value is such，that if you just are in a conversation。

with the girl on a level playing field，，that you'll do fine from there。。

So you don't have to knock it out of the park，on your opener。。

And you don't want to be super try hard，on your opener。，So I hope that helps a little bit。

in terms of some ideas of push pull。，And basically this idea of finding the gap。，Right？。

Finding that gap between who they're trying to be，and what they are。，So this girl，，you know，。

in the last one，，she's very elegant，，but it's also like a little over the top，and ridiculous。。

Like who even owns a pair of gloves like that，，for example。，Okay。，By the way，，one comment actually，。

because there are a lot of funny comments，in the chat，，but ones that are actually flat out insulting。

，like how many prostate exams did you do tonight？，That kind of stuff。，It's funny。，It's really funny。。

It would also be probably a really bad opener。，At least as your first opener。，Right？。

If you would have been talking for a while，and then you were joking around about the gloves。

and then you said that maybe。，But if you started off with something。

that's full on insulting at the start，，it probably wouldn't work very often。。

It would just be too like you tried to be negative。，Why did you go approach。

and then try and be negative？，Whenever you're doing something that is negative，。

it should be kind of subtle，and it just happened as opposed to，really put on and try hard。

。