# 12.朱利安满分游戏（Tengame皮卡团队内部提供）：2.任务：4.2任务24.2Mission2

I told you before I laid my eyes，I laid my eyes on you，L'amour de je，I just can't take my eyes。

Can't take my eyes off you，This is Julian and welcome to Mission No。 2，Now before we get to it。

I just want to say congrats on completing Mission No。 1。

which was to go out for the last 7 days straight，30 minutes minimum every single day。

I've been reading through the Facebook group，and everyone's just hustling hard。

There's an awesome vibe， awesome just positivity，Let's keep that going into this second week。

And for Mission No。 2 here，We're gonna keep the 7 days straight。

Meaning you're gonna go out for the next 7 days，30 minutes minimum every single day as well，Okay。

 so it goes from 7 days to 14 days now，Now we're gonna add some tweaks to this。

And the first is you have to do a mix of，day game and night game this week，Okay。

 because we always tend to resort back to our default。

Meaning if you're someone who's used to just going out at night，It's pretty easy to go like well。

I'm just going out for the next 7 days every single night，If it's a shitty bar。

 I'll go to a shitty bar，I'm on the weekends， whatever。

If you're a guy who's used to going out and just day gaming。

You're probably like well 7 days of day game，I want us to really make this part of who we are。

And be versatile，Okay， whether it's daytime， night time，No matter what the environment。

You're that guy who can just easily， effortlessly，Hey， how's it going？ Open girls，Okay。

 you're always interacting with women，So if you're someone who's only doing day game。

You have to do some night game this week，If you're someone who's only doing night game。

You have to do some day game，Okay， try to mix it up for the next 7 days，And beyond that too。

 another challenge is to，For the next 7 days， not disapprove of yourself at all，Okay。

 and this is key to really keep you in the right head space，When you go out， no matter what happens。

Whether you get rejected，If you ask for a phone number and the girl says no。

Even if you go out and you don't take as much action as you hoped to，It's like oh fuck。

 I didn't do as much as I should have，I don't want you to disapprove of yourself at all for the next 7 days。

This means you have to find the upside，You have to find what you did well。

You have to find the success，And you can only approve of yourself，Okay。

 so in your reports now for the next 7 days，There can't be anything fucking negative。

There can't be anything like complaining， whining，Any kind of victim mentality，Only positivity。

And only you giving yourself a fucking pat on the back，Okay， and you have to get creative here。

Like say you get rejected，Probably your immediate focus is fuck， I got rejected， damn it。

And then you beat yourself up，Don't do that， okay，This doesn't mean suppress the rejection。

Or pretend it didn't happen，Like oh， I did awesome，When you got rejected， of course not。

 be realistic，However， you got rejected， but what's the plus side，What's the one thing you did well。

I had the balls to approach，Fuck yeah， who else would do that，You know。

 do you know any of your fucking friends who do that，No。

 do you know any of your friends who would even do this challenge，Do you know， you know。

 even guys in the whole pickup scene，Who could do this challenge， probably not，You're doing it。

Fuck yeah， props，Really stop disapproving of yourself，Okay， because we're just so used to doing this。

And that's a slippery slope down to victim mentality，Negativity into you giving up，You know。

 it's you going out，And suddenly you're like that little voice，You should have done that。

Why didn't you do this，Look， she's rejecting you，You're so stupid。

You're not living up to your potential，You idiot， you fool，Downward spiral， okay。

Where are your successes，What did you do well，Where can you congratulate yourself。

Every time you go out you should be congratulating yourself at the end。

And that's what I want to see in your reports for the next seven days，At the end of every 30 minutes。

You're writing in the Facebook group，How just fucking awesome you did，Without being delusional，Okay。

 this doesn't mean again if you get rejected saying you did well，No， be realistic。

But what are the stuff you can just really，You know， fuck yeah， you did this。

Give yourself that pat on the back for，Okay， that's what I want us to focus on，And beyond that too。

I want us to start playing the paradoxes，And getting into that logical layer of the interaction。

By focusing on the logistics，Okay， and your challenge here is for the next seven days。

You're gonna go out，As I mentioned day and night，You're gonna focus on what you did well。

And every single day，I want one of your interactions。

I want you to get an answer to the five logistical questions，Okay， those questions are，One。

 who are you here with，Okay， who are you here with，How do you know each other，If she's alone。

 whatever，What her situation is，Number two， what area do you live in，How are you going home。

Do you have roommates，What are you doing later tonight，Later today or tomorrow，Okay。

 rewatch playing the paradoxes，Law number nine for that，But I want you to start getting used to。

Asking for these logistics，Okay， and this can be a little tough，Because you know。

 if you're going out，And you're like fuck yeah， just focusing on the fun。

Suddenly this will shove you in a very logical headspace，So it is a skill set you have to develop。

Okay， balancing the two emotional and logical，But right now，Every single day I want an answer。

To those five questions，Okay， and really rewatch law number nine，To know how to go about it。

Because if you just go one by one，It'll come out as like an interrogation。

And the girl is going to be like，What the fuck are you doing，Okay， so we're adding that。

And the last thing we're going to add，Is you're going to have to open three girls this week。

With the opener， daddy's home，Okay， now I love this one，Because you know。

 you can't hide your intentions，Opening with daddy's home，Okay， you can't half-ass it。

You can't be like hey， how's it going，It's like to pull this off。

You really have to go up and be like，Daddy's home，Okay， you have to assume it。

It's really like balls on the line，Like hey， I'm hitting on you， daddy's home，And if it's half-ass。

The girl's going to be like what the fuck，It also forces you to kind of laugh at yourself。

Because if you don't laugh，And you take this seriously like daddy's home，It'll be extremely creepy。

You have to assume it and laugh at yourself，At the same time for it to work，Okay。

 so three of your opens this week，You walk up to the girl， daddy's home，Okay。

 and obviously keep talking after that，Don't just be like daddy's home，And like wait。

Because that won't work，Or like try to get approval for the daddy's home，That's just the open。

Keep talking after that，But that's your mission this week，Okay， so to recap，The next seven days。

You're out every single day，30 minutes minimum，You're doing a mix of day game and night game。

You have to do both for the next seven days，Beyond that， in your reports。

You're only allowed to focus on the upside，You're only allowed to approve of yourself。

I want you to zone in on your successes，Not your failures，Beyond that， every single day。

You need to get the five logistical questions，From one of the girls you're interacting with，Okay。

 who are you here with，What area do you live in，How are you going home，Do you have roommates。

What are you doing later today，Tonight， tomorrow，You have to get an answer to those five。

Every single day，And lastly， three of your opens，Have to be daddy's home。

Good luck。