# 12.朱利安满分游戏（Tengame皮卡团队内部提供）：2.任务：4.4任务44.4Mission4

I told you before I laid my eyes，I laid my eyes on you，L'amour de je，I just can't take my eyes。

Can't take my eyes off you，This is Julian，and welcome to mission number four，Now this one here。

don't worry，you can finally slow it down，you can finally relax a bit，there's no longer the go out。

seven days a week，for minimum of 30 minutes daily rule，for this week here。

you only have to go out twice，this is your，take a little breath。

you've been hustling hard for three weeks，this week just slow it down，go down twice。

but for a minimum of one hour each time，and it has to be at night，at a bar or club。

so ideally try to do this on Friday and Saturday，go out for one hour each night。

it can't be during the day，it has to be ideally in a fucking club，one of those hectic environments。

and you can relax the five other days，let's just say，so that's the structure for this week。

and the other challenges basically，is you're gonna have to read this book here。

this is the way of the superior man by David Data，this is apart from finding out about the game。

for me when it comes to success with women，one of the most influential books I've read。

it's a must in terms of being a guy，if you haven't read this book，you're missing out。

it's the way of the superior man by David Data，especially when it comes to relationships。

more so than just the initial interaction，what happens after that。

understanding your masculine energy，her feminine energy，how that all works。

you have to read this book，so you have a week to read it，get a hard copy，get on Kindle。

you can probably find some PDF，or maybe even audiobook，but you have to read this book。

that's your other mission，mission number three is，I want you to post a report。

of your first three weeks，going out and applying ten game，in the Facebook group。

so instead of posting every single day，since it's only twice this week，I want you to zoom out a bit。

and look at the bigger picture，this is important to do，every three weeks every month or so。

just zoom out，and look at your progress over that month，because if you just look day to day。

it's usually these little one percents，and it kind of sticks up on you。

and it's only when you take a bigger chunk of time，you're like whoa，that's where I was。

this is where I'm at now，that's crazy，you have to acknowledge that，acknowledge your success。

acknowledge the progress，and just take it all in，you know it's like you did it。

you fucking hustle like three weeks straight，going out seven days a week，you know applying this。

fucking props，you know congratulations really，congratulations，so that's the third assignment。

and the fourth one，is I want you to text，some of the numbers，that you got last week。

and we're going to dive deeper，in terms of texting，but I want you to see if you can。

maybe set up a date，or set up a day two，and for now，just kind of mess around with it。

just kind of freestyle it，you can post some screen caps，of the exchanges，and the Facebook group。

I'll be basically scrolling，through the group，and I'll kind of look at them。

and I'll structure next week's video，and mission based on that，so just text your numbers。

okay remember you had to get，five numbers last week，text them，see if you can meet up with them。

suggest a meet，post some of the screen caps，obviously blur out the name，the phone number。

keep you know the person's privacy，and we'll build on that，okay so this is week four。

mission number four，take a deep breath，you only have to go out twice，okay two times this week。

at a bar or club，ideally a club，for one hour minimum，read this book，The Way of the Superior Man。

by David Data，post a long report，of your first three weeks，in the game，okay not daily。

but more of like oh，big overview，and text your numbers，and post some of the screen caps。

the exchanges of you，trying to set up a day two，or date，with those five girls。

good luck。