# 12.朱利安满分游戏（Tengame皮卡团队内部提供）：2.任务：4.6任务64.6Mission6

I adore you，Before I laid my eyes，I laid my eyes on you，I'm not too sure，I just can't take my eyes。

Can't take my eyes off you，This is Julian，And welcome to mission number six，Okay now this one here。

We're going back to the，Going out every single day，So what does this mean for you。

You're going out for the next seven days straight，Okay it's a minimum of 20 to 30 minutes。

Every single day，You have the last two weeks to，Send to yourself，Relax a little，Recuperate。

This week you're hitting the field hard again，So I hope you're ready。

Be sure to post daily in the Facebook group as well，To hold yourself accountable。

And keep in mind that I read that group，Every single day，So do not disappoint。

Okay so that's the first thing，You're going out seven days straight，Number two。

I want us to keep working on these，Longer interactions，Okay last week。

You had to do this during the day，Or you had to hold an interaction，For a minimum of 20 minutes。

This week I want you to do this at night，Okay so，During the night，One of these days you're going out。

And you need to hold an interaction，For 20 minutes minimum，Okay now bear in mind。

This will most likely be in the second part of the night，After 12 30，So aim most likely to do this。

Say Friday or Saturday，Unless you go to a bar that closes early，Or it's happy hour。

But I want a 20 minute interaction minimum，Not during the day，But at night，Okay and ideally。

It lasts longer than 20 minutes，And ideally，It lasts as long as you and her，Are going to a bed。

And really taking things further，Okay that's the second thing，The third thing this week is。

I want us to keep working on social pressure，Okay like being used to it，Getting used to it。

Feeling comfortable，With people staring at you and judging you，You had to do last week。

The awkward Starbucks opens，This week we're going to take it up a notch，And what I want you to do is。

During the day，Okay one of these days，You're going to have to go out during the day。

Find a crowded area in your city，Okay like where a lot of people are like。

Walking by or maybe even hanging out，And you're going to walk into that crowded area。

Okay like public property，Like somewhere outside，Stand in the middle of the crowd。

And for one minute straight，You're going to time yourself，I want you to talk loudly。

About you know some of the biggest lessons，You learned since watching Ten Game，And applying Ten Game。

Okay so this is going to be a little awkward，Extremely scary，You're literally going to walk out into。

The crowded area like say it's during the day，People kind of hanging out。

And there's like a fountain or park，You're going to walk there，Stand in the middle of the crowd。

And just out loud，So people can hear，For one minute straight，Just talk about the lessons。

You know so when I started watching Ten Game，The first thing I really learned was。

You know the getting out of your own way，So one thing I always had is。

I'm extremely introverted and like that，Okay like you're delivering some fucking speech。

And I want it to be loud enough，So the people are looking at you。

Like what the fuck is this guy doing，Like I want pressure，And I want you to talk loudly。

And hold it for one minute straight，Okay so that's your social pressure exercise。

And the last thing this week，Is I want you to do three silent openers，Okay so what does that mean。

You can do this during the day or at night，Just walk up and for the first ten seconds。

Of the interaction you can't say a word，This will force you to。

Get in touch with the different channels，Or layers you know communication。

You're going to have to use facial expressions，A lot that a silent opener。

Isn't just you walking up and be like，For like ten seconds，You need to have an interaction。

But without using words，Okay so it's like for example tap tap。

She'll look at you and you're just like，Looks like you should shake your hand。

Okay like actually a lot of my opens right now，Just tap tap handshake，So tap tap handshake。

And then it's all facial，So you're like，She'll be like what。

Okay like I want you to play around with it，Play around with facial expressions。

Play around with holding again，The interaction just without words，For the first ten seconds。

And then obviously talk，Okay otherwise，She'll be like what the fuck is this，It's not win-win。

Okay so to recap，You're out for the next seven days straight。

Minimum of twenty to thirty minutes daily，I want a long interaction at night。

Okay minimum twenty minute interaction，Ideally longer。

Number three you're going to go to a public area，And for one minute straight。

Talk about the lessons you learned，Since watching an applying 10 game，Loud so everyone can hear。

And learn to be comfortable with that social pressure，And number four three silent opens。

Good luck。