# 12.朱利安满分游戏（Tengame皮卡团队内部提供）：2.任务：4.10任务104.10Mission10

I told you before I laid my eyes，I laid my eyes on you，I'm not too sure，I just can't take my eyes。

Can't take my eyes off you，This is Julian and welcome to mission number 10，Your final mission，Okay。

 and first of all here， congratulations，You've made it this far， you've made it through。

9 weeks straight of going out， taking action，Following， you know， my instructions。

During the crazy challenges that I've been giving you，Posting in the Facebook group。

Holding yourself accountable，I mean really， props， congratulations，You have my fucking respect，Okay。

 100%，You know， if you made it this far，There's no reason you can't just absolutely crush it at this。

Okay， and for this last and final mission，What I thought I'd do， you know。

 is this is kind of me setting you free，Like fly little one， fly，Is give you a little bit more。

You know， authority over yourself，And I'm not gonna tell you how many days。

Or how many times you have to go out or for how long，That's up to you，Okay。

 I'm gonna give this one to you，Where you have to come up with your own mission，You know。

 it's like go out as much as you feel like going out this week。

And I hope the past nine weeks have conditioned you to。

Want to go out a lot to really make this part of your life，So it's up to you，How many nights， days。

 for how long you want to go out this week，The one thing that I do require。

Is that you go out and experience at least one night，Where you really apply all the principles。

You know， in terms of playing the paradoxes，Law number nine，Where you know， you're。

You have the first part where you're getting leads， phone numbers，You're getting the logistics。

Try to get like three to five numbers at least，At， you know， second part of the night。

You're texting all those numbers，You have a long set，That ideally， you know， blossoms into sex。

And if not， you're calling all your numbers，At the end of the night，Okay。

 try to have one of those experiences，Where you apply all of that，All together in one night。

And otherwise， I mean， it's really up to you，I do want a report though。

At the end of this week in the Facebook group，I want to know what kind of mission。

You've given yourself，What you were inspired to do，And that's what I'll leave you with here，Okay。

 so for this week，Try to have that one full night，Where you're really playing the different parts of the night。

Part one， logistics， phone numbers，Part two， long set，And texting， your phone numbers，Part three。

 pull or calling phone numbers，And then make your own mission，Post it in the Facebook group，You know。

 either daily or at the end of this week，I want to know what you've been up to，And keep this going。

Okay， you're on your own now，Again， you've made it this far，There's no reason，You can't keep going。

You can't keep killing it，There are a lot more epic，You know， adventures。

There's epic experiences to get，I mean， this is just like the，You know， the beginning。

This is just like the little taste of it，So keep going strong。

And congratulations。