# 12.朱利安满分游戏（Tengame皮卡团队内部提供）：2.任务：4.1任务14.1Mission1

I told you before I laid my eyes，I laid my eyes on you，L'amour de je，I just can't take my eyes。

Can't take my eyes off you，This is Julian and welcome to the first Infield mission。

Now at this point you've already gone through the 10 laws，So you know what game is，Okay。

 you logically understand it，You've gone through the Infield breakdown。

So you emotionally recognize it as well，You've already experienced it within you。

Going through the interactive exercises，But it's now time to go out and fucking implement it。

Now I want you to view these Infield missions，As your weekly game workout schedule，Okay。

 this is what inspired me to create them，If you go to the gym， you know。

 you're not just gonna wing it，Okay， it's pretty rare someone goes to the gym，It's like， oh。

 you know， I heard you gotta lift weights，Let me just do this，No， you stick to your workout schedule。

And you tweak it over time，Okay， this is how you really make， you know， fast progress。

And this is what we're gonna do here with game，Okay， we're for the next 10 weeks。

I'm going to give you your weekly game workout schedule，And you're gonna stick to it。

And we're gonna tweak it over time as well，Okay， and for the first week here， your first mission。

We're gonna work on making this part of who you are，Part of your everyday life。

And we're gonna work on consistency，So this isn't something that you just turn on every weekend。

You know， when you go out，It's actually who you are on a day-to-day basis，Okay。

 your mission is for the next seven days，You're gonna go out every single day，Okay。

 for a minimum of 30 minutes，And when you hear this， don't freak out，Okay， don't be like， oh my God。

 my life is already so busy，What do you mean going out every fucking day，No， okay。

 it's just 30 minutes，I'm sure you can find 30 minutes every single day，No matter how busy you are。

Okay， worst case， just cut into your sleep，You think you can survive for the next seven days。

Just sleeping 30 minutes less，The answer is yes， okay，And you can even spread it out。

You can do like two minutes on your way to work，Five minutes on your lunch break。

Two minutes after work，You can go to the shitty bar，If it's like maybe a Monday or Tuesday。

That's just like a couple blocks away，It just doesn't matter， okay，As long as overall。

30 minutes every single day，You're out interacting with girls， okay，A date counts as well。

I basically just want you to not view this，As something that you turn on。

When you go out on the weekends， okay，This should not be a big deal。

And this is what making it part of your day-to-day life，Will accomplish， okay，Well。

 right now if you told me like，Hey， go out every day for 30 minutes，I'm not like， oh my god。

30 minutes going out and interacting with women，I'm like， of course，You know， it's like，Yeah。

 it's not a big deal at all，Just normal，It's not like pick up time，It's like I'm just chatting girls。

You know， you're in line at fucking Starbucks，Hey， how's it going，You know。

 you can probably get in like five minutes there，There's just five minutes，You know。

 say you're at the fucking grocery store，Another five minutes，You're walking down the street。

Maybe it's after work，You're heading home instead of going home，And watching， you know。

 some little TV show，You just chat someone，There's the after-hour bars，After-hour restaurants。

Like patio，Hey， how's it going，Now you got your 20 minutes in，Okay， it's really not that hard。

And it should not be that fucking freaky，Okay， this is really，It's just pick up。

Like the less of a big deal the better，Even you interacting with girls。

If you don't view that as a big deal，It'll be a lot more casual，You'll get out of your own way。

Stop viewing sex as a big deal，This is not again，The big pick up time that I turn on，Okay。

 so you really have to make this，Part of your day-to-day life，It's a way of being。

Where every single day，Okay， for the next seven days，You're gonna go out，Okay。

 now what you also notice here，Is， you know， if you've applied，What you've learned so far。

I'm sure you had an awesome night out，Okay， and I've been reading through，You know。

 the 10 Game Facebook group，And， you know， some of the stories，Are just fucking epic，However。

You probably realize you go out，You apply this，You have an amazing time out。

You go home and then the next day，The old thought patterns，Take over，And you're back into， you know。

Your kind of stifled， you know， headspace，And what you have to understand is that。

Right now this stifled you，That's you that you've been building，Over all these fucking years。

There's a lot of， you know，Autopilot thought patterns that just take over。

And if you want to make the you that's out，You know， on the fucking weekend，Having those epics。

 you know，Times out this epic experiences，Part of who you are。

You're gonna have to work on this daily，Okay， you're gonna have to。

Really start letting go of all these，Fucking autopilot thought patterns，That are getting in the way。

Like stay stifled， stay conditioned，Don't express yourself，This is you， the quiet introverted you。

You're gonna have to get more references，And start installing new thought patterns。

That basically promote the opposite，Okay， and if you just do this like，Once every week。

 like on the weekend，It's gonna be very hard to just make this，Who you are，Okay。

 it's gonna be very hard to get out of，Your own fucking way 24-7。

So you have to do this every single day，And what you also realize is that。

You're gonna build momentum，And this is something that really helped me，When I started out in game。

I started out in Switzerland，And I remember at first，I just go out Friday， Saturday。

And what I realized is that Friday，It was always hell，You know， I'd not gone out like the first。

You know， like Monday to Friday，So I'm just like， oh my God，Like kind of in my head。

Here we are the weekend，And I'd hustle hard on fucking Friday，And it would usually take all night。

And then towards the end of the night，I'd start kind of getting in that nice flow。

Really getting out of my own way，Expressing myself，It was pretty awesome，Went home and Saturday hit。

And Saturday instead of starting down here，Where I was out on Friday，I kind of started up here。

I was like， oh， I kind of pick up，Where I left off，Took things even further。

And then I wouldn't go out，Till the next Friday，And what I'd realize is that，Every fucking Friday。

I'd always restart at ground zero，And I'd waste every Friday，Getting back to where I was at。

The previous weekend，So if right now，And this is what I changed up，In my game in Switzerland。

Instead of just going out Friday， Saturday，You also had every single day in between。

You maintain that momentum，Okay， now nothing's really，Probably gonna happen in 30 minutes。

You never know though，You really never know，But say you go out Friday，You build it up。

Saturday you pick up where you left off，You go out 30 minutes，You stay up there。

And when the next Friday hits，You pick up where you left off，Instead of wasting every fucking Friday。

Getting back to where you were at，Okay， it also keeps that feeling of，As I mentioned before。

Being unstifled， feeling good，Getting out of your own fucking way alive。

And it just starts setting it，As this is the new norm，Okay， so this is crucial，You have to do it。

Make again this is the mission，This is the challenge，The next fucking seven days，Every single day。

Go out for 30 minutes minimum，Okay， as I mentioned to a date counts，If you're in some small。

You know city somewhere，What do you do just go out，Say Thursday， Friday， Saturday。

Try to get maybe some numbers，And then set up some dates，Okay， and if not just go to a shitty bar。

You know even if there's no hot girls，Just interact with females，Okay， this is you now。

You're going out，You're putting yourself in the situations，It's not like，I'm me who stifled。

And it's the weekend and I explode，Okay， so every single day，And to hold yourself accountable。

I want you to create a post，In the 10 game Facebook group，Okay， you're going to create a post。

Say mission one，And every single day under mission one，I want you to just write a little recap。

Of your 30 minutes，Okay， every single day，And I'm going to scroll through them。

I'm not going to answer all of them，I'm going to scroll through them。

And I'm just going to see you know，Who's actually doing this，Who isn't，And you know。

Just hold yourself accountable，Try to do it every fucking day，Next seven days，You're out。

You're doing this，And you'll realize like after a while，It'll just be very fucking easy。

It'll be smooth，Maybe a little tough at first，And you'll realize like，Well， it's resisting this。

But it really wasn't that big of a fucking deal，Okay， so，Seven day challenge，30 minutes a day。

That's your mission one，We're going to build on this，Next week with the infield mission。

To create that fucking post，In the 10 game Facebook group，Post it for the next seven days。

And I'll see you next week。