# 12.朱利安满分游戏（Tengame皮卡团队内部提供）：2.任务：4.3任务34.3Mission3

I told you before I laid my eyes，I laid my eyes on you，La ma te jure，I just can't take my eyes。

Can't take my eyes off you，This is Julian，and welcome to mission number three。

Now with this mission here，we're gonna keep the going out every single day。

meaning you've been doing 14 days straight so far，we're gonna extend that to 21 days straight，Okay。

 so for the next seven days，go out every single day，for a minimum of 30 minutes daily。

but don't worry，okay， next week we're gonna slow it down a little bit，okay， you may be thinking like。

oh， every fucking mission，is gonna keep tricking us，and extending it seven days，no， okay。

 mission number four，that's gonna be our recuperation week，so you just have seven more days。

just really plow through，and hold yourself accountable，by posting in the Facebook group，okay。

 every single day post reports，now in terms of the mindset here，okay， last week we worked on。

not disapproving of ourselves，like seeing our successes in every interaction，okay。

 like giving ourselves approval，for this week we're gonna work on。

building personal authority over ourselves，and really cultivating that self trust，okay。

 because one thing that I've noticed，scrolling through the Facebook threads，and you know。

 they're awesome threads，and if you're posting in there， congratulations。

but one thing that I did notice，is that there are a lot of fucking questions。

that really communicate a lack of personal authority，and lack of self trust。

in terms of the person who posted that question，okay， so these questions are oftentimes，you know。

 pretty simple， pretty common sense，or would require just a little bit of research，to get the answer。

but instead of trusting，that you already know the answer，be like oh， it's common sense。

it's this or doing that research，you just ask away，okay， and this is something that。

a lot of people are falling into，now that there's more and more resources。

it's like we just keep giving our authority externally，and we stop listening to that little voice。

inside of our heads，okay， for example，I'm sure a lot of the questions you have here。

it's like you know the answer，but you're just not sure，and you always want that external validation。

to believe it，okay， and what does that do，it kills self trust，so my challenge here。

that I'm giving you for this week，is no questions，you're not allowed to ask。

a single fucking question，okay， you're gonna have to learn to，figure out the answers on your own。

and start building once again，that personal authority over yourself，okay。

 that means trusting the answers，you come up with，and learning how to find those answers。

instead of constantly，giving your power away externally，waiting for someone external。

to give you the answer，or to confirm it，or to figure it out for you，okay， so。

this doesn't mean eliminate questions，you're still gonna have a lot of questions，it just means。

figure it out，okay， so let's just say you go out this week，and something happens。

you're like oh you know this happened，instead of just jumping on the forum。

like any little question comes to mind，and posting your question，like what do you think。

what's the answer，ask yourself，what would I do right now。

if I knew no one would ever give me the answer，and then act accordingly，okay。

 you'd probably go online，and look up different resources，you'd probably go through the product。

try to find maybe this maybe this，you'd probably field test different things。

or you'd probably have the answer，and you're like oh，I guess I trust that it's this。

no one will ever confirm it，it's up to me to confirm it，and start building that authority。

so no fucking questions，okay， instead，I want you to write the question that you have。

and comment below，how you figured it out，that's your challenge，okay， it's like how to answer。

your own fucking questions，and build that personal authority，that's the mindset I want us to work on。

okay， now，on top of that，going out seven days a week，30 minutes every single day。

I want you to get five phone numbers this week，okay， we focused on logistics last week。

try to keep that going，okay， keep the logistic habit going，but we're gonna add the phone numbers。

meaning that，I want you to try to get five numbers，now when getting a number，there are five steps。

okay， step one，talk about the day two，okay， make sure you talk about，when you're hanging out again。

if it's gonna be later that night，the next day，it's like hey， when are you free，let's hang out，okay。

 you wanna be clear，and your intentions here，let her know why，you're getting her number。

it's not just a pity number，it's not cause，someone told you in a video，to do it as a challenge。

it's cause you want to see her again，that's step one，step two，make sure she remembers your name。

a lot of girls will forget，step three，pull your phone out，during or before，don't be like oh。

 can I have your number，okay， thank you，and then take your phone out，assume she already said yes，hey。

 what's your phone number，okay， try to keep it casual as well，step four， try to be discreet，okay。

 don't put her on the spot，in front of all her friends，and become an obstacle to her goal。

of not seeming like a slut，and step five， text her your name，immediately after，okay。

 I want you to do this，minimum five times this week，okay， that's your challenge，on top of that，okay。

 there's two more things，I want you to do，every single day，try to open a mix set，okay。

 what's a mix set，that's a group of guys and girls，or one guy， one girl。

there has to be a guy in the group，okay， I want you to train yourself。

to not look for those easier opportunities，where you're just looking for like，a girl by herself。

 a girl and her friends，or like these situations that seem like，oh， nothing can go wrong here。

and just avoiding scarier situations，okay， I just want you to learn，how to feel at ease。

in every fucking situation，and that means going up to groups，where there's a fucking guy，okay。

 and I want you to get some references，that nothing bad will happen，okay。

 we tend to over glow things in our mind，we're like， oh my god， there's a guy。

most of the time a guy is just like you or me，okay， it's like how would you act。

if some guy came up and talked to you，would you fucking freak out，no， okay， so the challenge is。

every single day open a mix set，but don't actively hit on the girl，just open with small talk。

that's your goal，I just want small talk with a mix set，okay， just like fucking 30 seconds，like hey。

 venue's pretty cool， right，yeah， cool，anyway， hope you're having a great night，bye， just like that。

okay， just getting those references，baby stepping your way there，and just proving to yourself，hey。

 nothing fucking bad happened，okay， and the last thing，I want you to do。

and this is more on the self-amusement side，is try to see in an interaction。

how many times you can say like a dog，okay， subtly without say the person noticing。

so if you go up to a girl，you're like， how's it going，what's your name，she's like， oh。

 my name's Jessica，you're like， oh， that's cool，like a dog， what do you do。

see if you can just subtly，oh， yeah， like a dog， what do you do，oh， that's awesome， like a dog。

what do you say，oh， nothing， like a dog，okay， just see how many times，you can slip that in。

the whole purpose here is again，to kind of bring that fun to the interaction，it's not the like a dog。

that's gonna get the girl，the whole purpose is，you kind of just learn to laugh at it。

you laugh at yourself，it's this inside joke with yourself，so just see。

give yourself a little challenge，like how many times，can you subtly slip in the words。

like a dog in an interaction，that's mission three，good luck。