# 12.朱利安满分游戏（Tengame皮卡团队内部提供）：5.结论：模块Z-结论ModuleZ-Conclusion

I told you before I laid my eyes，I laid my eyes on you，L'amour de je，I just can't take my eyes。

Can't take my eyes off you，So there you have it，I hope you enjoyed your experience going through 10 game。

I hope you enjoyed those internal flashes，Finally being reconnected with your being。

With your uniqueness， with your soul，With who you truly are。

And now it's really about harnessing this，And just making it who you are on a daily basis。

From this day on until the day you fucking die，Okay， this is the first day of the rest of your life。

 if you will，The first day where you can actually go out，Express who you are， not have to repress it。

Not have to compensate for it by doing more，Or hide behind a certain persona。

This is the first day of you finally reconnecting with the real you。

Not the little fake you you thought you were before this program。

And bringing that out into the world，Sharing that value with women。

And really just everyone around you，And the ways that this will impact your life。

Once again will blow your mind，And I guess on a parting note here，I just say go out right now。

You know， if you're watching this video and it's during the day，Just go out right now during the day。

If this is at night， go out at night，And start putting it to use and start having a blast，Okay。

 like start going out，And now that you know what game is，You know that it's light。

 you know that it's fun，You know that it really is all about soul，Okay， or the being。

Go out and fuck around with it，And you'll be surprised， you know。

You'll finally experience game for the first time as well。

You'll finally experience game the way I experienced game。

You'll feel game like when you're talking to girls，The way I feel it， you'll see it the way I see it。

It's like this is what the game is，And should have been this whole entire time。

You'll get hooked on it，And you'll for the first fucking time have fun while out，You know。

 you'll finally have fun，You'll finally have like epic stories，Like at the end of the night。

You'll come home， you'll be like shit，You know， it's like that was not that bad，You know。

 and this happened and this happened，Oh my god， like you'll feel alive。

And it'll really be coming from，You know， your seat of power，That's the key， you know。

It's not you pretending to be someone else，Or compensating， it's like this is you。

And you'll notice that in the results，That you'll be getting and just how you feel。

Like it'll just finally make sense，Now that you know what it is，So go out， start harnessing this。

Understand that you know，You've got to make this a habit too。

Like this is you finally having those little glimpses，With who you know。

 reconnecting with who you truly are，Old habits will take over again，So you have to commit to this。

And it really is just a way of being，You know， it's like now that you know what game is。

You've recognized that you've experienced it，It's about making it just who you are on a daily basis。

And commit to this literally till the day you fucking die，Okay。

 I don't care if you get into a relationship，I don't care if you get married，If you have children。

 grandchildren，Okay， this doesn't even mean you have to like cheat，This is just who you are。

Never lose touch with that，And you can express this with women，But in all areas。

You can express this at work， through friendships，With your family，This is who you are，Okay。

 it's the same as I say in the fucking videos，Like inset in an interaction，And out of an interaction。

There shouldn't be a difference，Wall out in a club， wall out gaming。

Wall out during the day in fucking Starbucks gaming，Or at work with your friends at home。

That should be the same you，Okay， still be aware of the context，But that should be you，So go out。

Have a blast，I'm excited to hear about your upcoming experiences，About your epic stories。

About just a life of adventure，You know， a life of being alive， of being free。

And that's really what it's about too，Just fully fucking free，Adventure， expression，And just bliss。

That's the way I could put it，You know， and this is what will just make it effortless。

In the long run too，You won't need willpower，Like I don't need willpower to go out。

If game is something that required willpower，Every time you went out，It just wouldn't be the game。

So have a blast，Enjoy it，And excited to hear about your progress，And your new life。

Until next time。